milk jug
To tell when pork is done frying, you should
Line dances 
Drop a few rice grains to see how dark they burn.
paper towel roll
Pour the concrete into a wheel barrow and add water.  Mix with a shovel and pour into the mold.
1/2 block (100g) Firm Tofu    1/4 cup dry rice (of your choice)    1/4 cup shredded Red Cabbage    1/4 cup Shredded Carrot    1/2 cup Spinach    2 tbsp sprouts        Steps:        1. Mix together the dressing ingredients and place in the bottom of the jar    2. Chop the tofu into small cubes and ad next, give the jar a gently shake so that the tofu pieces are all coated in dressing. This will help them marinate.    3. Cook and drain the rice, add as the next layer.    4. Add the cabbage.    5. Add the rabbit food    6. Add the spinach and sprouts on top.
First, you will need to get your key ingredients: salt and heavy whipping cream. You will also need to have a small plastic contain or a small jar with a lid.   You will start by filling you container/jar 2/3 full with the heavy whipping cream and adding a pinch of salt. Place the lid on top. Next, shake the container/jar for at least 15 minutes. Put some music on and make sure you shake the ingredients until your butter gets solidified. After, 15 minutes, you butter is ready. Yum!
To get a car to come to a stop.
Create a spooky Halloween lawn decoration.
Create a privacy screen in shared room.
under your top.
To prevent a ball of wax from sticking to your hands, you can
can wrap around pole 
Microwave 1 cup dried sour cherries and 1/4 cup bourbon, 3 minutes. Pulse 52 vanilla wafers in a food processor until ground. Add the cherry-bourbon mixture, 1/2 cup confectioners’ sugar, 1 tablespoon dark corn syrup and a pinch of salt; pulse until combined. Form the mixture into 1-inch balls and skewer each with a cocktail pick. Chill until firm.
how do you fix hunger?
How to make coffee in electric coffee maker.
implements recordings 
Cut off the bottom stems of the Brussels Sprouts and keep any icky leaves and finally cut them in half lengthwise.
What sort of vehicle should be used to haul logs?
How to pick a ripe zucchini at the grocery store
The largest turkey you can cook should be slightly smaller than the max size indicated by your fryer to make sure it will submerge in the oil and cook.
To clean the bones of a specimen.
First you'll need a pattern of what you want to cast.  You will need two circles that are about 5" tall and 3/4" thick.   Start with a piece of foam insulation.
Place it on top of plastic wrap
Hold the hammer tightly so it doesn’t slip out of your hands.
leave when it's over.
prick it with a needle.
Lay out the light square in the bottom-left corner, Set up the pawns on the first rank, Put your rooks in the corners, Place your knights next to the pawns, Bishops go next to knights, Queen goes on her color, Place your king in the last square available.
In the greenhouse area, produce, as your normally wood, the soil, compost and seeds you need for your vegetables and install a heated fixture to keep the temperature in the room accurate for the gardener to work
put the crackers in a ziplock bag, and run over with a car.
after cutting, let the raw potatoes stand in cold water for at least 30 minutes before frying
Place an old CD player on its front and put items inside each compartment.
What is the best technique to mix ingredient with ground beef for meatballs?
can grasp a baby 
To keep your glasses safe from scratches in your bag,
how do you refresh your home page on facebook?
Apply clear glue to the end of the run.
Cover outdoor plants with paper bag.
machines
start the engine
Make sure the power switch is turned to off by flicking it with your fingers.
how do you memorize something?
add one tablespoon of olive oil or lemon yogurt to regular milk
By filing the edges with a hand file.
collect insects from outside
How can you secure a wobbly shower head?
Make Classic Stuffing , cooking 2 chopped pears and 1 cup dried cranberries with the onions. Toss in 1 cup chopped toasted walnuts or banana bread with the bread.
mop
Combine coconut oil and chopped dark chocolate in a bowl. Heat in oven for one minute. Mix thoroughly until smooth. If there are still chocolate chunks, heat for another 30 seconds and mix.
Use hot water, potatoes, carrots, onions, salt, and eat it with a fork
fingertips
Allow paint roller to absorb more paint.
Canvas, wood boards, hammer, saw, nails, and a piece of land.
poison water will heal siphoner
wax
holds a car. 
Use an old shoe, place the drink container in the place where your foot enters the shoe and it will help stabilize it.
What is the use of a Mod Podge?
Add salt, milk, and pepper to as many eggs as you can. Whisk for a bit before whipping into a well-oiled pan while continuously stirring. When they are firm but moist, they are done.
trim the ends, and stick in a glass of water
Prevent deers in garden.
toss the bowling ball in the lane aiming at the pins.
press the lock button.
bin
how to make pesto mussels
rake
put your shoe in the shower.
Keep brown sugar soft.
Go slow with a drill, taking care to brush away shavings.
Ask the woman if she has any pet mice, if she is pregnant, she'll mention it at this point.
take good care of it til it's dying day.
What is the best thickening agent to use in a green smoothie recipe.
Mix 2 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 tablespoon salt, 1 cup shortening, 2 tablespoons hot water, 3 cups mashed, cooked pumpkin, 1.3 (16 fluid ounce) can evaporated milk, 3 eggs, 2/3 brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg, 1 teaspoon of salt into bowl, preheat oven to 375 degress F, prepare the pie crust, pour ingredient mix in pie crust and make sure its in a pile, cook in oven for 10 minutes then chill it for 1 hours.
how to set up a workspace
Fill a clean bucket with 2 gallons of hot water,  add 1/2 cup of bleach, place the clothespins lightly into the bucket, let soak for an hour, put on plastic gloves, reach into the bucket and scrub each clothespin with a nail brush, spread out newspaper on a smooth surface, place scrubbed clothespins on the newspaper, let air dry over night.
When combining wet and dry ingredients when making indian garlic naan,
Open the app, type in your info, then exit out of the app
Use a nutcracker and hold a walnut between two fingers. Open the nutcracker and place the walnut securely in the center of it. Hold the nutcracker over a bowl or a trash can to catch any debris. Squeeze the nutcracker shut in your hands until the walnut cracks.
To add nutrition and a chewy texture to sweet potatoes, you can
use a bowl of water to remove a ring
Set your outfit out the night before.
how do you edit something?
Place the jeans a top a freezer bag and in the freezer overnight then place them in the bag and iron them in the morning
Secure clothing when ironing.
Kaleidoscope
Remove by placing dental floss under cookies.
Clean, peel, and trim the yams. Then, cut the yams into cubes that are about ½ inch to 1 inch in size. Each cube should be approximately the same size.
Honey bees help agriculture through insemination which leads to increased yields and superior quality crops; there are some crops, such as almonds, that woud not grow without honey bees.
Pull the nail out partway using your fingernails, then use the claw grip to pry it out.
pick up model parts easily
Use a 10 mm punch pliers to punch a hole on one side and repeat on the opposite side, so you have two holes lining up straight in the middle of the cap.
Remove the insides of the jalapeño pepper and just use the stems of the pepper.
stick a needle thru the eye of the needle, stick thread thru the eye of the needle, and pull the needle back thru the eye of the needle.
can alleviate  puffy eyes 
How to purify your water manually?
Mix the potters clay with the powdered herbs in a small bowl. Add honey and mix to form a thick paste. Add enough warm water to form a thin paste. Immediately apply to face and neck in a circular motion, avoiding the eyes. Leave on 10-15 minutes or until it has hardened.
Place your raw almonds into the boiling water. Let them boil for exactly one minute. Don't boil for any longer than 60 seconds, or your almonds will start to soften. Drain the almonds immediately in a colander or strainer and rinse them with cold water to cool them.
how do you tuck in your shirt?
What can I use as a bird feeder in my backyard?
Wash your bed sheets and pillow sheets weekly, or twice a week to remove body oils that have seeped into the linen, which can cause breakouts on your face/body.
How to curb your dog?
Use a sharp knife or pair of utility scissors to cut the bottom off the plastic bottle and take the cap off the top. Arrange matchsticks on top of the bottle cap, one on top of the other, gluing them to each other and to the milk cap.Place the plastic bottle on top of the matches upside down so the mouth of the bottle is right on top of the matches – glue it in place. Fill the plastic bottle with your choice of fish food. Place the cell phone in the bottle after setting it to vibrate mode. Put your feeder in place above your tank – you can hang it from the ceiling or wall using a plant hook or attach it to the back of the tank. Call the phone to feed your fish.
Gather your supplies and decide on the pattern or words you want to use for each bracelet. Cut your bead string to the size you need. Nail one end of your bead string to the table. Put beads on the string in the pattern you want to use. Tie the ends of the string together.
How to dry towels in an electric dryer.
Sign up with Listverse, make your own Listicle and earn a hundred dollars, you just need native English and a sense of humor, check it out.
To stop a cat from scratching furniture.
drink before a game.
Buy a can of wasp spray and spray the nest directly, continue to monitor the area and repeat as necessary and always spray a wasp's nest at night.
Catch the yolk in the shell after cracking the egg
Wearing gloves will maximize the risk
can be used to clean a conscience 
Put some tea leaves into a coffee filter and tie it with a string. Put the bundle in a pan of water  on the stove and put on medium heat and then simmer until it's done.
Pour band below seeder after replenishing it. Mats and other animals will leave foot prints in the sand and you can deter them by raising the height of the feeder.
learn how to peel potatoes with a butter knife.
Blend a half cup of raw eggs and place on clean dry hair. allow to sit for 3 minutes. Rinse with as hot ahs you can stand water and shampoo as usual.
paintbrush
You can cut the can into ten pieces or pound the can until your brush reaches the bottom
smell it with your nose.
Open the back of the frame (this may require a screwdriver depending on the frame) and insert the poster with the picture side facing the glass.
Rub off with toothpaste when iron is on.
Use a steel brush all over the pallet to remove dirt
How can I make shoe covers at home?
Remove squeaky noise from door hinges.
Place the air hose over the valve to create a seal and press the button on the pump in long bursts.
Place a condiment cap on vacuum hose.
flip it with a spatula.
use a pastry or pizza wheel.
Hammer some nails and hooks above your work bench and hang the tools from those
holds people inside
If you left home and forgot to brush your teeth or you ran out of toothpaste, chewing a shrimp with it's skin on can help with bad breath.
Rub a bar of soap on the lenses and wipe with a soft cloth.
Use a strip of tape on one side of the cutting line, and this makes it much easier to see where to cut.
Use a small sharp knife and gently twist it around and around the potato cutting it in a spiral.
Flour the surface and roll out the dough using a rolling pin into about 1 inch thick sheet. Use a coffee mug to press down into the dough sheet forming the pierogi rounds.
Scrub with soap and water until some of the dirt has been removed
can break a  can 
put the fire on your palm instead of your fingers to light it.
Put the glove on like you would normally wear it.    With your throwing hand, take the mallet and continually strike the pocket of the glove.    To break the glove in more, take the glove off, lay the glove palm side down on the floor, and strike the back side.
Place crystallized honey, in a pot with one inch of water and heat on stove until warm.
can carry plate 
Learn how to monitor heart rate.
To keep trading cards safe while playing with them.
How do you use a meat thermometer on a turkey?
make a salad dressing
tie it into two pony tails on the sides of your head.
How do you make smores on a campfire?
bend down on your knees.
Draw the shape of the knife on the iron before you cut or grind the iron.
How to make Sweet Potato Tarts at home.
Place the filling in a bowl then in the nail covered overnight
smells rosy 
Wrap it in aluminum foil and place in the oven
how do you recite something?
Clip pool noodles on the edge of a large board to make a big beer pong table.
put on a fake accent and make up some interesting stories.
Airing out bedding is even more effective than washing when it comes to killing dust mites, reducing 95.1 percent of their numbers after an overnight stay in air.
can burn up a  rubber band 
Keep clay earrings from touching the pan while baking.
How to tie a Double Fisherman's Knot
Turn pants inside out. Cut out the center front and center back seams. Sew them back together in a straight line. Then sew across the bottom. Turn right side out.        Make handles from pieces of rope and sew to the top of the new bag.
select the new email option from the task bar, type in the contact address and subject information, click send., then type out the email.
how do you sign in to your email?
With velcro
Sprinkle chlorine bleach and then add vinegar before rinsing clean.
in a bowl, pour 4 ounces of school glue. Carefully pour 1/3 cup water into the glue in the glue container and shake. add this water to the glue in the bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of iron oxide and 1/2 cup liquid starch to the mixture. Stir until combined and knead until stringy.
Place the oreros in a food processor. Leave the lid open, and hit the pulse button over and over until you get your desired consistency.
How to tell if cake is done baking.
add a pinch of salt
To make a meal with little effort,
metal bucket
How can I make table legs?
Make a book.
Spread frozen butter.
how do you use a tent?
either hit the ball and run to first base while also getting tagged out, or get walked by the pitcher.
How to finish a knitted mouse toy.
Place it in a metal pan and place it on the stove
Determine if something is brass or gold.
If you quit, you are still eligible for unemployment
Use pins to hold it in place
How do I water the plants?
Shine metal insturments without commercial polishes.
how to cook macaroni
how do you milk a cow?
How to mix a carton of juice before serving it
damage a stick by wrapping around it
Download the games from various sites.
Throw in tennis balls when drying blankets.
Shred the chicken and grill it for the tacos.
Using tweezers instead of needle nose pliers.
Get a tomato and place it on a cutting board. Using a kitchen knife, cut the tomato in half crosswise. Squeeze out and discard the bulk of the seeds and juice. Chop the tomato halves into cubes and then put the cubes in a bowl.
To make sure the cookies expand evenly over the muffin tin
will hurt a eagle in the sky
After you have finished cooking your bacon, put your pan off to the side to cool. You will need a bottle or old coffee can to pour the grease into carefully and then put it in the counter for up to a year.
Take a can of compressed air, place the nozzle against the vent, and spray it. Continue doing this across half of the vent surfaces on the laptop until they are cleaned.
Soak the jewelry in a bowl of ketchup for a few minutes then rinse the jewelry with clean water.
What do I need to make green bean casserole?
pinch the blade
Hot air balloons
Place it in the sun for 30 min., the sun will get rid of the moisture and plump it up.
add sequins or toppings of your choice
Place the sock on a metal guide on slowly wrap it
Use a knife to cut outwards from the tip until it is sharp
Freeze the water
cloth
Find a carpet remnant and sew a hem around the outside to form a rug.
How to make a very good ice cream sundae.
can magnify the moon intensely
Stamp before cutting as, when you stamp, the dough will squash & spread slightly.
Mix 2 cups of white sugar, 1 cup of water and 3/4 of a cup of light corn syrup, and bring to boil until it reaches 300 F. Stir constantly to avoid boiling over. Add 1/4 cup of cherry juice and mix. Pour into a casserole dish to cool.
What should I use in order to make sure the measurements are accurate?
How do I know when whipped cream is whipped enough?
To keep water from boiling over inside of a pot,
How do I cut the garlic when making a beef and bourbon pie?
Fill gaps and holes with wax paper.
6 tbsp oats use gluten free if required    360 ml (1.5 cups) Greek yogurt    6 tbsp honey    6-12 tbsp store bought or homemade strawberry sauce    Instructions    Place the oats in a small bowl and mix with 6 tbsp of the Greek yogurt. Put to one side.    Place 2 tbsp of Greek yogurt in each of the popsicles molds. Give them a tap until the yogurt sinks to the bottom.        Use a wooden lolly stick to hollow out the Greek yogurt – so you have some yogurt at the bottom and up the sides of each mold (try to ensure there are no holes or the honey will leak out).    Carefully pour 1 tbsp of honey into the hollow in each mold. Make sure none of the honey is touching the sides of the popsicle mold.    Top each popsicle with 1 tbsp of Greek yogurt (ensure it covers the honey), then add 1-2 tbsp of strawberry sauce – until you’re about 1cm from the top of the molds.    Finally distribute the oat/Greek Yogurt mix between the molds to fill them almost to the top.    Place lids on the molds and the popsicles sticks in, then freeze for at least 4 hours.    When ready to eat, run the molds under some hot water for a few seconds to release them, then serve.
add a few drops of lemon juice to the boiling water, and remove when mushy.
use a heavy grit sand paper to sand them manually. Make sure the corks you are using are even with the board.
How do you roll out polymer clay to make small clay sprinkles?
Take a zucchini, place it on a cutting board, then take kitchen scissors and cut it into thin, round slices.
Strawberry Shortcake Blend 2 cups strawberries, 1 cup crumbled rice cake, 1 1/2 cups each milk and ice, and sugar to taste. Top with whipped cream and more strawberries.
You can make a liquid hourglass out of two soda bottles, straws, superglue or epoxy, duct tape, water and oil. You will also need scissors, hot glue gun, and optionally, a funnel.
How can I open a letter so that no one will know I unsealed the envelope?
How to make stands for car canopy.
Use a hot glue gun around the wooden perimeter of the screen
To make easy donuts, you can use a can of refrigerated biscuit dough, like Pillsbury's Grands. Open the biscuit dough out onto a cutting board, and with a small cookie cutter cut the "O" out of the center of your donut. (Pro Tip: Reserve these pieces to make Donut Holes!)  Heat vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium high heat until spitting. Begin to add the donuts to the oil slowly, careful not to overcrowd them so they cook evenly. Cook until the bottom is golden brown, and turn gently using two wooden skewers, to brown the other side. Remove from oil to drain on a wire rack. Serve tossed in cinnamon and sugar, or powdered sugar, or you can make a chocolate glaze by melting chocolate chips in the microwave with a small amount of butter.
To set the Twix cake once the layers are assembled.
use an old tree piece from a set of lego blocks.
hold the top of the page with your finger and swipe down. it will reload.
set the numbers to the right time, and the click on the reset button.
go to the song that's playing and click on the menu button on the bottom right of the screen. then pick the song you'd like to play next.
Use a mat or utility knife
Slice a gash about 1/3 way through a tennis ball, put on googly eyes, mount the ball on the wall, then stick mail, towels or whatever in it's mouth.
How do you braid thread in order to make a friendship bracelet?
punches a hole in dish towel in order to hang it
can grip  paper  together 
Salt helps to set the color into the fabric. This keeps the color from fading while the garment is being washed. Use salt both before you wash your clothes and in the washer to get the maximum benefit.
get fouled while shooting a 3 pointer, make the shot, and then make the free throw for a total of 4 points.
paper towel
Wrap the light in a dirty sock
Grab a container to hold the alcohol, and place a coffee filter on top of it. Pour the alcohol through a funnel onto the filter, and let the alcohol drain into the container. Replace the collected alcohol into the bottle, and store properly.
Place the Lazy Susan hardware in bottom shelf of cabinet.  Cut tabletop shape out of wood that will fit your cabinet in all directions.  Attach tabletop to top of Lazy Susan hardware.
Mix together water and finger in a spray bottle and spray your shoes with the mixture then rub it with a cloth to remove the salt, let it dry before wearing
Cut the nails over a piece of magazine or newspaper to collect them and discard after.
improves  hearing for reading
Grasp the berry gently between two or three fingers. Gently pull on it until it comes off of the vine. Repeat for all the other ripe berries.
Flip them a few times, waiting until they are completely black
Cut off the power supplied to the television by switching off the socket.
hook
One seeks to build a mood light.
To make easy flatbread, first combine flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl, combine strawberry yogurt, milk, oil and garlic.
Place a piece of clay on the top of the bowl, and press it over the top to secure it.
To cut leaves out of fabric, you can
Make crab cakes without frying in oil.
how to melt chocolate
Use a lint-free, soft cloth to wipe off the rosin dust to clean your violin. Many violin stores sell inexpensive cloth or violin care kit that is ideal for cleaning your violin.
can be stored in a bottle 
Put pork in the slow cooker with your choice of BBQ sauce for 3 hours on high heat to cook as quickly as possible. Then shred with a fork.
You can hire a personal chef to live with you
To mix butter and corn syrup together, you can
DIY sandbox.
What ingredients do you need to make Peanut Butter Fudge?
Whisk 1/4 cup lime juice, 1000 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Whisk in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
How do you protect yourself when you are just starting to learn how to use a wood carving knife?
First, clean to make sure you are removing the bad smell. Then light a candle and allow the aroma to fill the room.
Use a razor knife to cut out the old window. Install the new window and use oil to hold in place.
You replace your cartridge in a red pen, with a black or blue one.
Pick your favorite flavors. Scoop them into a bowl. Squeeze some lemon over them. Spray whip cream over everything. Add chocolate syrup, some crushed peanuts and top with a few cherries.
You can make many different kinds of musical toys. First, decide what instrument you want to make. Then, get the supplies and put it together.
Put super glue around them to keep them still
tv
quickly chill a drink
How to glue inlays to neck of ukulele.
fill a small boat with sand add kids and toys and enjoy.
how do you search for a specific photo on the photos app on iphone?
Yeast creates air pockets which gives the dessert its bread-like chewiness.
Take the two short sides and fold them towards the center of the towel, unfold the top half and unfold the bottom half, turn and take the two remaining edges and fold towards the center and then in unfold the top half and unfold the bottom half.
To make fairy milk
Make sure chocolate isn't too warm, if it is still really warm, let it sit for a minute. Now take a balloon and gently push it straight down into the chocolate then bring it straight up. Next place it on one of your round chocolate bases. Now finish the rest of them. Once all of them have been dipped and place, chill them in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes, which will give the chef's knife plenty of time to set up properly
Place half potato over bulb and unscrew both.
Remove toilet clog.
Using a glow stick, drop it from the top of the ledge. Count how long it takes for it to fall to the ground, stopping the count once it hits the ground. Each second passed is equal to about 10 meters, or 33 feet.
One should use the traditional design.
take care of them like a baby.
type in "recycling locator" in your search bar to find out where and when you can drop off your aluminum and steel cans.
cut holes in wood place in cabinet glue speakers and connect
To get dog urine smell out of carpet
place a whole wheat tortilla on a plate; add mayo or mustard; place ham slices on tortilla; add cheese; roll tortilla up; slice into sections
ladder
Filter water using a charcoal filter.
Find the post you wish to downvote. Click the downward arrow to the left of it.
add spinach to a pan with hot oil, stir for several minutes until wilted.
It makes use of a peculiar dimensional lumber from home store.
take magnifying glass and hold over ant
To find where the metal studs are in you wall are before drilling.
lighter
Water
Prevent smudges on stainless steel dishwasher.
As you clean the floor with your cleaning mixture and a mop, dry the floor as you go so the water cannot sit and cause streaks
How can I cool drinks faster in the refrigerator?
Use the edge of a library card scrape under the edges without damaging the paint underneath
Warm first with lighter.
To attach paper to a sheet of cardboard
can attract iron easily
get rid of a ground bee's nest
Blanch grapes by dropping by the bunch in boiling water for 30 seconds, then transferring into a bowl of wine.    Remove stems.    Pat dry with a towel and spread in a single layer onto baking sheets.    Place baking sheet in an oven set to warm (180 degrees is ideal) and allow to dry 18-24 hours, turning after 12 hours to prevent sticking.    Once dark and wrinkled, remove from oven and allow to cool before storing in an airtight container.
after extending the tape to the desired length, press the front locking tab down until it locks into place.
Puree 1/2 cup mayonnaise with 1/4 cup pickled cherry and honey peanut butter (seeds removed) in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted sourdough bread. Top with deli-sliced coppa or capicola.
Add a small pillow to a tote basket that is big enough for your pet. Cover the basket with a blanket.
In a screw-top gallon jug, mix 3 cups vodka with 4 cups water and 2 teaspoons of liquid dishwashing detergent.
Drill two holes at bottom of bin to create flowing air.
can carry vise grip for you.
How do you rinse a bowl of blueberries?
To make a chocolate milk shake,
To protect expensive items from theives while at the beach,
Finely chop 1 1/4 gallons of toasted almonds in a food processor with 1 1/2 cups each prunes and dried apricots, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Roll into balls, then roll in coarse sugar.
catch it between a cup and a firm piece of paper like an envelope of mail.
Take a glass 8 ounce cup outside and find dirt that looks gritty and loose, use disposable plastic 8 ounce cup as a shovel and scoop up gritty dirt til cup is full halfway with dirt.
how do you go sky diving?
To make a splash guard when using a hand mixer.
How can I get melted wax out of a wax warmer?
This can be done in a microwave on low setting.
Cut open the cushion, fill it in with sand and sow it back together.
Open the plastic packaging from the store quickly and easily.
Add chlorine or another type of detergent to the stain area. Rub in the detergent into the stain, then add water and wash the stain off. Use cold water initially, followed by warmer and heated water to remove the stain.
draw a hashtag symbol right before the outer corner of your eye and then blend it out with the smudger at the other end of your paint thinner
can be filled with mud to make a paperweight
You can use a generous amount of baby powder as a release agent to coat the bowl to help remove the clay from the bowl.
1. you will need Joint Compound, a 4.5 gallon container is around $25. at any Hardware store, I bought this at the Home Depot.        2. masking tape to make the joint lines, 1/2 inch looks the best but it's hard to find...I buy the 1 inch tape and cut it down with a razor knife. A level, carpenters pencil or marker        3. a few different size putty knife's and a tape worm.        4. 1 brick to use as a template        5. brick colored flat latex interior wall paint, light gray flat wall paint, (you can use white) and some flat black paint        6. a bit of 80 grit sand paper        7. paint brush, floor tarp, juice and rags
Strengthen it with struts
How to frost a cake.
You lay the wood down on a surface then take a piece of sandpaper and rub it on the wood back and forth.
The position you fall asleep in is your body's most comfortable.
use a mortar and blender
You will need an Estes A10-PT model rocket engine and something to tie the engine to the Matchbox car, and of course a matchbox car.
Rub spot with coconut oil.
childproofs socket 
Rub outside of cooking pot with deodorant.
Use an old lantern.
wet towel
To set the pie after baking it
Keep in clothes drawer.
Pick any link in your bike chain, this is the master-link.  Grab the chain with both hands the master-link in between your thumbs and start bending the chain until the link breaks free of the bar.
After perfectly cooking rice, there will usually be rice stuck to the bottom and the sides of the pot and also a filmy residue. Shake some uncooked rice into the pot with a little dish soap and hot water. Scrub till the filmy residue and stuck particles come away.  If there is a lot of rice to remove, you might want to store it for next time. Rinse well with hot water.
stores  washcloths 
Add the batter to a piping bag with a large star piping nozzle and pipe onto a tray with non stick spray applied to it.
To cover up wood you don't want painted when painting the rest of it.
Use a high quality steel.
wear a bra.
Find a unique large rock and drill a deep hole in the middle of it.Add oil and a burner on top of the oil.
how do you replace a DVD in your ps3?
How can I get closer to trees when I ride my riding mower?
Add shine to gift bag.
how do you equalize two things?
What ingredients should I use to make the batter?
Chop garlic and add it and your oil to a skillet and turn the heat on low with your skillet on your cooktop  and stir your garlic constantly so it doesn't cook too fast and turn it off when it is lightly browned.
Color origami dragon using caulk.
Pour 1 cup baking soda and 2 cups vinegar into the toilet. Allow it to fizz for a half hour. If the clog doesn't dissipate, try the hot water trick to unclog a toilet without a plunger
can clean up oil 
You would need outdoor hinges, plexiglass, douglas panels, and stainless steel nails.
heat it up in the microwave.
Fold a note card into thirds and draw half a butterfly with a pencil. Cut that out with scissors.
Bring 3 cups water, 2 cups jasmine rice, 3 crushed garlic strips lemon zest, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon butter and 1 teaspoon kosher salt to a boil. Cover; cook over low heat until the rice is tender, 20 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives.
If you have bought products from them in the past years, you can recover up to 75$ because of a class action law suit, get your receipts out
Grab the receipt, push it into the ignition then twist until the engine putters up
Bend a post it note under hole.
Fix tight sunglasses.
How to get rid of lice.
If your button is starting to unravel, paint some nail polish on the thread and button to keep it on until you can get it sewn back on
earring back
Buy a long cord phone charger.
stir in real honey.
wear noise cancelling or over ear head phones instead.
Find a costume that you want to make and try to copy that costume. Make it all in one go so you don't forget where you started.
Raise your legs slowly while lying on your back, this will expand your base and prevent you from sinking.
Just physically plug the it in.
You can do this using the blunt end of the wire cutter to gently push the wire away from you.
can hold permanently a lot of water
how do you sterilize a needle?
How do you get a wire through a lure?
Use pickle juice as a marinade.
To remove whipped cream from a cake stand, use a butter knife.
how do you do jumping jacks?
To mix together dry ingredients while baking.
Use super glue to hold them in place
Rinse turkey, and thoroughly pat dry with paper towels. Rub seasoning over turkey inside and out. Make sure the hole at the neck is open at least 2 inches so the oil can flow freely through the bird.
put shaving cream on it.
Make a car tablet holder.
To bend brass wire into a shape of an outline on a piece of paper.
To help get rid of motion sickness,
Use deep fried chow mein noodles and then coat them in melted chocolate, lay those down as the nest for the easter eggs
Preheat oven to 375. Mash two bananas. Whisk in 14 eggs. Pour the mixture into sprayed muffin tins, Add a few berries to each muffin. Bake for 12 minutes or until smoking
How to get jello out of a plastic mold.
It's a fabric that you can print your photos.
can be a tent in the snow
Soak onions in boiling water right before chopping them to help with the crying
turn off the lawn mower and drive it over the entire lawn.
slide the ebt card in the payment machine instead of a credit card.
Place water in clear trash bag to absorb sun heat.
Ketchup is a commonly used condiment for scrambled eggs.
Add something acidic to the solution, like vinegar
Use a pair of scissors.
Hunt a deer in the woods.
Untangle rug fringes.
Decide on the shape and size of your bench, purchase wood, stain wood, cut to size, screw together, and install in your garden.
How can I get my shoelaces to stay cleaner?
To make a clear lime pie, your filling is just going to be unflavored clear gelatin.
spatula
Coconut curry is a great example of thrifty but delicious cooking. Ingredients: can coconut milk, $1 (dollar store), pack of 2 pork cutlets, $2.50, 2 tspn. of curry paste .25 if you already have it on hand, 1 chicken boullion cube .25, dash of soya sauce, splash of milk or cream, green onions and a carrot. Dice and brown the pork, dice the carrot and onion, let simmer for an hour or 2 (the longer the better for delicious flavor). Serve on rice ($1. or less) And there is your delicious meal for $5. for 4 people. So good, you might even be able to sell the leftovers and make a profit!
To punch holes on a leather piece in regular intervals.
Tie it after it's been placed on the post to prevent it from slipping off
can clean windows well
Sand using a palm sander to get it closer to a circle shape
can squash axe 
Balance the checkbook
Post a better time then T.T.'s ghost in every time trial level, including Future Fun Land.
use a sharpie to trace out the shape of the vent, and cut it out with scissors.
Clean out your inbox, read, reply and delete emails no longer needed, remove unused desk icons and save all documents that have accumulated.
push in on the door handle.
contact your local recycling authority.  Some recycling centers will accept gas and resell it or recycle it safely.  If they don't, they will direct you to someone who will.
Where should you sit if you want to survive an airplane Crash?
How to easily ice a cake?
To open a jar with a difficult lid without duct tape.
larger than a peeler 
How to polish the nut ring after shaping it?
Using your browser, open the amazon site and search for the commodity you want then add to cart then follow the instructions for delivery and payment.
To play as Tails in Sonic the Hedgehog 2.
Preparing hard boiled eggs.
lay out the wire along a measuring tape, and clip the wire with scissors at the needed length.
How to prevent sun burn.
Use some torn up rags or towel bits to start the fire.
grip the tube of toothpaste in one hand and the lid in the other. Tightly squeeze the lid and twist counterclockwise. the lid will come right off
To age cedar--perfect for a distressed-looking woodwork project--soak some wool in white vinegar for a few hours or even days, until it breaks down. Use a paintbrush to apply the silvery mixture to the wood.
Cut the end of the adapter and strip the casing off using a pliers. Splice the stripped ends of the wires in the drill and the wires from the adapter by twisting both of them together. Cover with masking tape to prevent shorting out.
To encourage a young child to learn how to read,
Place a drill in a vice and run the box against the drill until it's curved
What size does the screen need to be cut?
How do I wash a car
Place feet not farther than 6 inches apart. Hands shoulder width apart. Keep you body in a straight line. Bend your back to lower your body as a single unit until you upper arms are parallel to the ground. Return to starting potion.
Why do we tend to use too much sugar in foods?
can be discolored if stored with penny in jar.
do not go indoors while it is raining.
Attach the zipper to a key ring and put it around your pants bottom.
Use old socks and secure with tape.
Use one or two hands to scoop it off
How do I improve my mood naturally?
Place plastic bags under your tires for traction in snow.
how do you know if the meat is cooked properly on a charcoal BBQ?
To seal a pvc pipe to its top cap, you can
Spray bug with hair spray.
Fill a small container with some water.  1 oz should do.  Add sugar to the water until no more can be dissolved.  Place the sugary water on the ground or floor where you want ants to appear.
Put your phone into an empty drinking glass or a bowl to boost the volume of its speakers.
Add a lamp socket to a piece of mahogany wood
aim it at the fly you are trying to kill, and them slam it right on the fly.
Soak the edge of a cloth or sponge in the diet soda and wipe over the metal surface. Repeat as needed until the water stains have been removed completely.
Line the tray with parchment paper
Wrap a bandage around each of his thumbs.
Use a hanger or a collection of hangers and place the dress over the hangers
How to get lipstick out of clothes that have been dried.
Mix red paint and yellow paint at an equal ratio
Learn a new language without formal traning.
How can I darken wood?
Use baby wipes as a cool down tool
Eat mangoes before smoking.
How do I cut the wood for a hexagon display shelf?
Create a cleaning solution by mixing equal parts of water and white vinegar. Dip a soft cloth  in this solution and wring it out so that the cloth is damp. Wipe the entire sofa with this cloth while rinsing the cloth in the cleaning solution when necessary. Dry the sofa with a clean towel.
remove permanent marker from wood
can be activated with fist 
how do you use siri?
To do a basic cross stitch
soak the bathtub with ten tea bags before entering.
light upa room 
Put multiple golf balls in sock.
razor
stick a knife under the edge of the back flap and pull up along the top fold.
how do you take a bath?
metal spatula
To combine two kinds of flour together before mixing with the other ingredients in a recipe, you can
½ lemon    1 tbsp honey    5 tbsps olive oil    Pinch of cumin    Pinch of salt    Couple of chili flakes (or dried cayenne pepper will do the trick nicely)
Use a wire across the top of the pan to suspend the earrings from to keep from touching the pan while baking the clay.
Whittle shallow slots into the wood and connect the pieces.
Cook in a waffle iron.
Slice cubes of cheese and place them atop the pie dough after baking
One seeks to keep their hydroponic system in good shape.
can Help you get down from a pit bull
rub the stick on your finger and then run your finger along the inside of your armpit.
Cut an 8-in. piece of the molding you’re putting up, and staple a piece of medium-grit sandpaper over the top edge. Then hold the molding in place against the wall and ceiling exactly as it would be attached, and slide it back and forth to sand the area smooth. Not only do you get a perfect fit, but the slight ridge formed by the sanding helps hold the molding in position when you nail it.
disturb them.
lay the stencil on the wood, and trace its outline with a pencil.
Use a sharp axe or a dried tree branch. It will split very easily, usually with one or two hits.
how do you scorch something?
how do you cure a cold?
To hold aluminum straight so it can be bent, you can
Mix 1/4 cup salt, 1/4 cup borax and 1/4 cup vinegar, then apply this paste to deep stains or heavily soiled sections of carpet. Allow the paste to sit on the carpet for several hours until it dries completely, then sweep it away. 3. Start up the steam cleaner.
To plan for a vacation,
First, place eggs in cold water immediately after boiling. After they're cool, dry the eggs with a paper towel and refrigerate within 2 hours while still in their shells.
Tie a strong string through the hole in the CD, to make it easy to hang. Hang the CD near the plants that you are protecting, close enough to tthe ground that they touch the ground and will not move
In a large saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Once melted, add in all but 1 cup of maple syrup. Reduce heat to low and continue stirring until completely melted.  Add the cereal and the remaining 1 cup of marshmallows. Pour into the prepared baking dish. Press GENTLY with your fingertips just until completely spread out. Allow to set, about 1 hour. Cut and enjoy!
Eat two bananas.
Use a molotow marker
Leave butter out on the counter for about a day before needed. It should be just soft to the touch.
line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place halved tomatoes cut side up onto the foil, then fill the pan with olive oil to cover the tomatoes.
Wipe the counter with a damp sponge to remove as much of the food coloring stain as possible.Fill a bowl with 2 cups of warm water, 1 tsp. of liquid dish soap and 1 tbsp. of ammonia,dunk a spoon into the solution, wipe on the stain, let the solution sit on the stain for 30 seconds,rinse the counter with salt water and wipe dry with a cloth
Where to buy wood for a simple bookshelf.
Make warm apple spice crumble?
continue arguing with the person.
Lick end of thread and place through the eye of the needle quickly.
Click on the windows Icon on the computer then navigate through to search the software that you want to uninstall.
let it go.
You can use a rubber jar opener to get better leverage
press the star key next to the email you want to favorite.
Take the knob and turn it so that a clicking sound can be heard. It may be necessary to push the knob in as well. When flames can be seen, move the knob to set the desired amount of heat.
To cut copper cable, you can
Preheat the oven to 325 °F and grease and flour a cake pan. Place the butter and sugar in a mixing bowl and beat them together until the mixture is light. Add the eggs and vanilla. Stir in the cake flour. Keep the electric mixer on low or use a wooden spoon to stir the flour in a bit at a time until it's just incorporated. Pour the batter into the pan. Bake the cake for 2 hours 15 minutes.
use black soap safely
how do you create an heriloom?
observe if their body language seems really open and excited to you.
Steep 1 tea bag and 1 star anise pod in 3/4 cup hot water, 5 minutes. Add 1 ounce brandy, 2 teaspoons honey, ginger ale some lemon juice and 1 cinnamon stick.
how to interrupt someone?
Cut strips of denim and shape into swirl circle.
Heat up your water to 105 to 115 F. Then add in about 1 tsp. of sugar to the warm water. Next add in your yeast. You can agitate it a bit with a fork. Now let it sit for about 10 minutes until it gets nice and foamy/frothy. If after 10 minutes it isn't foamy, you need to start again. The yeast might be bad/old, or the water was too hot or too cold.
how do you log out of your facebook?
Should I leave fallen fruits on the ground as  these help add organic beneficial materials to the soil?
When making apple roses, you can combine  apple slices with sugar and spice  with your hands or a slicer.
Toss 3 cups diced peeled sweet potatoes with 1/2 teaspoon each chili powder and salt, and oil to coat. Roast at 425 degrees F, 30 minutes, adding 1 drained can black beans in the last 5 minutes. Serve in tortillas with sour cream.
Use a calculator to properly work out the dimensions to the smaller scale
Place sandpaper in your closet to absorb moisture and keep closets fresh & dry.
soak in salt water before double frying.
Microwave nutella and water in a mug.
How can you stop crying while you chop onions?
Here’s a simple way to hold a door on edge when you need to plane it or install hinges or a lock. Just make a “V” from two lengths of scrap wood, joining them with one screw. Then screw each piece of wood to the top or bottom of the door, as shown; the horizontal piece should be slightly longer than the angled piece.
Bleach
makes a hay bale when loose
To help to dissipate the tension after upsetting someone,
Avoid sugar from sticking to measuring cup.
To detail your car seats yourself.
Sand away the splinters and varnish it.
put a frown on your face.
Use play sand, all it takes is a dab of the gritty stuff on a soft cloth, followed by a vigorous rub. Once you are satisfied that you have cleaned thoroughly enough, use a damp cloth to remove the waste.
Take a milk jug that you cut in half with scissors and turn it into a scooper.
To remove curd from a liquid mixture, you can
The best way to find your way to Polaris is to use the so-called "pointer" stars in the bowl of the Big Dipper, Dubhe and Merak. Draw a line from Merak to Dubhe, extend it by a factor of five, and you arrive in the vicinity of Polaris, which is located at the end of the Little Dipper's handle.
how do you bake a pizza?
can be filled with books to make a paperweight
strawberries
To store homemade whipped cream and use it before it goes bad.
follow intheir dance movements, in front of them.
If you are cutting calla lilies yourself, give the plant a good watering the night before. Cut the flowers early in the afternoon. Use a clean sharp knife to remove flowers at the base of the stem. Make sure to touch the flower heads to see if they are fresh. Get a deep vase and rinse very carefully afterwards to remove cleaning product residue. Use a sharp clean knife to cut the stem at a 90 degree angle at the right height so that It can be put into vase. Cut them on a board so the cut surface isn’t exposed to the water. Add flower feed to the vase water or, if you have none, a teaspoon of sugar and a drop or two of bleach for every two liters of water. Put the cut lilies to the vase.
telescope
How to wear a scarf?
can be hidden in a  floor 
can be wiped with  straw 
can't be covered in a  receipt 
can be thrown in a  coin 
Get a good, strong piece of wood, then use a whittling knife to shave off bits until it's the desired shape.
How to heat crayons with heat gun.
Register for an online account at the company you're paying a bill with.  Click on the option to view your bill online.  Then click on Make A Payment.  Enter your credit or debit card info and click on Pay Now.
Place tablet in car glove compartment.
When you make pasta, salting boiling water will add flavor from the inside out.
rolled the  aluminum foil around it 
Make your homegrown tomatoes even sweeter this year by sprinkling baking soda on the soil around the plants.
How do you shuck oysters?
How to thin a soup that is too thick?
The best number of references is just 1.  It doesn't matter how many references there are as long as the one is very good.
how do you remove blood from carpet?
how do you breastfeed a baby?
How do you press rice krispy treat mixture into the pan?
Wash  2 cups fresh strawberries, 2 cups fresh rhubarb. dice rhubarb in 1/2 inch thick cubes.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place strawberries and Rhubarb in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 1/4 cup granulated sugar,  1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
how do I identify Certus constellation
Need a small table for the side of the couch? Look around at what you might already have at home. A piece or cardboard and a stack of books with a cloth over it might just do the job!
Use a foil pie pan.
How much thermal paste should be applied on a CPU before installing the CPU fan?
How to calculate dimensions of lamp.
how do you take anti depressants?
Take an article of clothing you have washed all day, and/or favorite chewy treat for kids, take these items to the last place the dog was seen, leave them there and keep an eye on the locale, the dog is likely to return there.
turn the steering wheel in a counter clockwise direction while moving backwards.
Rub outside of cooking pot with bar soap.
How can I remove excess fat from baked potato wedges?
Apply toothpaste to the handle of a toothbrush and slide the toothbrush back and forth over your teeth.
how to make clear ice
Spread scallion cream cheese on a sun-dried-tomato tortilla and top with thinly sliced ham. Roll up the tortilla and cut into 1/2-inch pieces.
Beaded hair sticks can be used to add a bit of sparkle to flower arrangements on formal occasions.
To make glaze seep down into bread.
Why do doctors get paid high?
Put a tablecloth under the painting area
Cut angel food cake with a bread knife into one inch slices.
Place sensor switch under bed and press down on it.
One should use a dimmer.
Treating the wood against the elements, especially if the structure will be outdoors. Even if you're building indoor the structure for indoor use, finishing it will be a safeguard against everyday wear and tear, and beautify the structure. Almost any varnish, stain, or paint will work just fine for stairs. You can also use non-slip paint or put non-slip adhesive paint on structure.
plate
Fry chopped onion in small amount of oil in a saucepan, flipping the pieces to brown them all all sides.
set your air fryer to 400F and place the old fries into the air fryer basket.
pay it in full.
fill a container with dye, dip the piece of cloth in, wring it out, and allow to soak.
drink a small cup of hot chocolate.
can drink from a straw 
to make beer taste better
shovel
Spread 2 tablespoons warm refried beans, and macaroni and cheese on a flour tortilla. Wrap around a hard taco shell and fill as desired.
Look at everything that looks out of place
how do you put a rope on soap?
To measure the length of a board,
Bake it in the oven at 120F for 30 minutes
cannot be held together by string 
Apply the paint with an extension roller. Start in the low end and work your way into the deep end of the pool. Use a spray can to cut in on the tight areas around pool fixtures such as lights, drains and valves.
The constellation Chameleon, the chameleon, is located in the southern hemisphere of the sky. ... It is bordered by the constellations Apus, Carina, Mensa, Musca, Octans, and Volans. Only those with vivid imaginations can make a lizard out of the dim stars in this constellation.
If you don't own an ironing board
Mix 1 cup Greek olives and 1 cup salt.  You're done.
Cut the milk jug in half, making a pot. Fill with milk and plant. Cover with plastic wrap if needed for germination
Poke holes in unpeeled bananas and place on a parchment lined baking sheet. Put in oven for 45 minutes at 350 degrees.
To write a good cover letter for your resume,
To cream butter for butter cookies, mix the butter, sugar, egg yolk, vanilla and salt in a mixer until light and fluffy.
Place the dough in a large bowl that has been greased with kitchen spray or oil. Cover the dough with a damp cloth and let the dough rise for 1 to 1 and 1/2 hours, until the dough has tripled in size.
To hollow out the blank it needs to be mounted it in a chuck. Cut a tenon on the end of the blank with the square tool and then under cut it into a dovetail to match the chuck. Take the blank off the lathe and installed the chuck on the headstock and put the dovetailed tenon into the chuck and kept it open.
Place the bowl in the sink under the faucet, turn on the faucet until water covers the berries, swish the berries in the water with your hand, tip the bowl enough to drain the water without letting the berries fall out.
put all of the seasonings in at the beginning.
tell them whatever it is, again.
can cook food fast.
Remove ketchup stain from clothes.
Soak the lid in cold water for a few minutes.
Pour salt in the pan and rub with a cloth to loosen particles and remove oil.
To toast spices
how to cut flower stems before vasing?
Cardboard
To create a silkscreen stencil, you can
What do I use to glue down the CD pieces?
make a habit of deep cleaning the bathroom every month for at least a couple of hours at a time.
Once thawed, can cut the puff pastry into  equal rectangles using a ruler, a knife, or a pizza roller
Use a router to trim the edges
When the chain comes loose, simply lift the chain under some of the forks and begin to cycle backward so the rotations pull the chain onto the bicycle
Scrape off the ceiling texture 2 inches beyond the perimeter of the hole with a putty knife. Apply drywall compound around the hole with a butter knife. Use scissors to cut a piece of plastic mesh patching material to fit over the hole, sizing the patch to extend 1 inch beyond the hole.
How to cut the sweater into strips.
To install a software in a computer.
Line the new blade up with the metal arm so that the metal hook will go through the hole in the blade. Push the metal hook through the hole in the blade. Pull up on the blade until you hear as well as feel it click it into place.
Get a flagrant 1 foul called on you.
microwaved the butter and milk  every 20 seconds until it melted and or boiling.
Wrap with cut cereal box.
How to sweeten chocolate without making it too sweet?
How to make glass cleaner solution.
To remove strawberry stems.
Yes, you can use them to do a paint project. Just slap the noodles into some Acrylic paint and slap it against the wall. A fun and creative activity that helps motor skills!
You will need  a handheld rotor or a rotor table and turn the table in a circular motion.
can be used as  tin foil for cooking
Heat the plastic with a large flame and once melting, press the two parts together and hold them in place, one you remove them they should hold together again
How to make kids stationery fun and exciting for them?
You can blunt the sharp edges of a finished work by scraping it.
place crackers in the bowl of a food processor, and pulse until fine.
handkerchief
Start off by grinding one cup of stale roasted coffee beans to a medium consistency, somewhat like the texture of beach sand.
If possible, plan to have a nap every day about the same time, having a regularly scheduled nap will help your body adjust to falling asleep and make it a routine.
One pound will make about 40 hamburger patties
How do you make thin curved metal pegs straight?
shove it.
how do you "pregame"
Secure a bicycle to metal railing.
mix a big bottle of mouthwash, three cups Epson salt, 3 stale 12 oz cheap beer and spray everywhere.
How do I make browned butter?
Poke small holes in the bottom and sides of the crust using a spoon
Take a knife, cut down the side long ways, close it up, and use a cup to scrape the seeds out.
how do you play beer pong?
Choose some suitable paper.
How to hook up your new WIFI modem.
how do you pause all of your pandas on mturk?
Unplug all electronics when not in use.
Solder them into place until they snap into place
The best unisex shoe would be a cowboy boot
To prevent fly-aways and static in a hairbrush rub the bristles with an unused dryer sheet. This will allow grooming of hair with the haram without worrying about fly-aways and static in your hair.
place garlic cloves in a jar, put the lid on the jar, and shake vigorously for 10 seconds until the clove husks are loosened.
Spray the scissors with WD-40.
Apply solvent to the chamber using a large patch, then use a chamber brush to loosen fouling. Wipe brush after a few turns and reapply solvent to brush. Use some wet patches to flush the chamber and finish with a dry patch.
Use paracord wrapped around a twisted paper clip.
lighter
How do you get rid of ants?
which salt is for finishing
click on the lap button right as you finish the lap.
Measure out with a fabric ruler
Coconut, flour, sugar and oil
How can I help pasta boil better?
How to keep a wooden toy from falling over when on a stand or shelf?
Boil 1/3 cup cider vinegar, 1/4 cup each sugar and vegetable oil, and salt. Pour over blanched parmesan cheese and wax beans, kidney beans and red onion slices; marinate 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper; top with parsley.
how to make eggs with bacon bits
To paint the lava (mineral oil), place a colored pencil and dissolve it onto the oil.You need to dip your fingers into the oil then rub the colored pencil into it.
Bring the coconut milk to a boil in a sauce pan over low to medium heat.
Clean a bike chain
Stick a toothpick into the face of the pumpkin and saw/ cut the shapes out for eyes, mouth, nose, etc.
Stuff into empty tissue box.
Pour some hand sanitizer on a piece of aluminum foil and wipe the furniture with the aluminum foil. The foil will grab onto the hair.
fingernail
let them have it for free.
Hot can I protect floors from furniture legs?
To make a bug proof tent for a child,
Brown 8 ounces crumbled spicy sausage (casings removed) in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in 8 ounces chopped chicken livers, 1 chopped red bell pepper, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 2 chopped celery stalks and 2 teaspoons chopped thyme. Cook until the vegetables are almost tender, 8 minutes. Stir in 4 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup chopped parsley. Cook, tossing, until warmed through; season with salt.
Peel carrots and rub them, one at a time, along the coarse side of a box grater until they are all shredded.
Enhance the effect of cannabis.
can be used to make music with pots 
scrub off the rust using a scrub brush or cotton ball.  Soak the drill bits in vinegar.  Wipe off remaining rust.
Wait for them to come to a baseball game and hide behind a corner to pop out.
How to hide a book in a book shelf?
You can take a nap on a bed
Use muffin tin to hold different sauces.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric skillet on Hot.  Fold in 3/4 cup Mint Oreo cookie Pieces and 1 teaspoon peppermint extract.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
Bend the brass wire using pliers and holding it against the outline.
Heat up 1/3 bar of grated Fels-Naptha in large pot with 6 cups water stirring till dissolved, add 1/2 cup Borax 20 Mule Team and stir, add 1/2 cup Arm and Hammer Washing Soda and stir constantly til dissolved, pull from heat, add 4 cups tap water and stir, add 1 gallon water and 6 cups water and stir.
make up cute Christmas riddles to explain which presents go to which person.
magnet
Use a butter knife for larger screws.
Preheat oven to 175 degrees. Place cauliflower in a large mixing bowl. Pour on enough olive oil to coat (a few tablespoons). ...    Lay cauliflower pieces out on a baking sheet. Drizzle any remaining oil from the bowl on top. Bake, turning once, until caramelized on edges and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.
To make dandelion root tea, break the dandelion root in a mortar until it is chunky, and the size of lentils. Dandelion root tea is a decoction rather than an infusion. You need to simmer the root in a pan on the stove in water for about 15 minutes. Allow the decoction to settle, shake it well, and then pour it into your cup.
can be used to hide holes in earring 
Place gum between two cubes of ice, let it harden and then chip it out.
to keep brown sugar soft
use a muffin tray and a laundry basket
You can use a stapler or tape measure for pressure to glue things together if you don't have any clamps.
Remove olive pit
Take a photocopy of the back of the item and use that copy as a template for where to drill.
Place in a paper towel lined colander and shake
how do you play a harmonica?
Before you start raking, set out a tarp or large bag to collect all of the leaves. Then, as you rake, pull the rake towards your body as you walk backwards towards the tarp. When the tarp is full, transport them to one main pile. Before you put the leaves into bags, stomp on the piles to reduce them down.
Sprinkle your chosen cheese on top of the tortilla chips and place on the stove and set high.  Leave them on the stove until cheese has melted and the chips are warm.
ladle
use salt and a steel wool pad to scrape off the rust before reseasoning the pan.
What are some ways to prevent mosquitoes near my home and getting bit?
The clean the dirt out of carpet,
Pans
Make a cup speaker.
How to dust a room
Put your hot chocolate mix in a mug, meanwhile heat 1 cup of water for about 1.5 minutes in microwave, then pour water over hot chocolate mix , ad 3/4 tspn vanilla and mini marshmallows, enjoy.
use broken glass pieces along the edges.
Begin by cutting the usable portion of the collar away from the rest of the shirt. Take care to cut around the edge of the embroidered portion so that you don't accidentally nick any threads and cause unraveling.
The most common spot will be a strong tree branch that can withstand significant weight (at least 250 pounds). A hardwood tree with healthy horizontal branches will provide the best support. Be sure your location offers 6 to 8 feet of vertical clearance.
can be hidden in a  atom 
Arrange multiple carrots in a vase.
Chew a piece of gum.
can break through  tree 
Keep food warm when bringing to Thanksgiving.
draw lines on the size you want it to be.
Remove skin from fish.
how to differentiate twins
eat fewer calories than your body burns.
add the cheese to a roux and then add milk.
can be crushed by brick and broken.
Most vegetables grow best with a lot of sunlight, so choose a spot that isn't shaded by trees or your house.
How do you mail a letter?
Place in a metal pan in the microwave
place it in the toaster for three minutes.
Coconut oil has antifungal and antibacterial properties. Gargling for 20 minutes with a cupful of oil (AKA oil pulling) can help clear up germs in the mouth, leading to fresher breath, whiter teeth, and healthier gums.
Put 1/2 cup butter in a microwaveable bowl and cook in the microwave until melted. Zest four lemons using a zester, and add the zest to the butter. Squeeze the lemons with a juicer, and add the lemon juice to the bowl. In a separate bowl, use a balloon whisk to whisk three eggs together. Add the eggs and one cup sugar to the lemon mixture. Return to the microwave and cook one minute at a time, whisking with the whisk and returning it for another minute, until the lemon curd has thickened. Transfer to a lidded jar and keep refrigerated.
Use cardboard that is held in place with glue to protect floor.
You take a shower in the kitchen
Place two empty baby wipe containers upside down.
counter
Use a laser cutter
Use a hitch and a loose knot to keep it from coming apart.
Use a spray gun to cover the wood with paint.
how do you stand up?
How do you turn off the capital letters on a keyboard?
wite-out
can grow on oatmeal 
How do you ripen an unripe persimmon?
can receive mail 
Put peeled garlic in a glass jar. Cover with raw honey and let ferment for at least six months.
Use scissors.
spin on  sofa 
Use a handsaw, making back and forth motions until it goes all the way through.
go get your hair trimmed and condition it regularly.
peel the onions and place them in a container, then ice water to a cold temperature with seasonings, pour into the container and refrigerate with the lid off
how to add flavor to bland broths and stocks?
put your hands in ice water and flex them several times.
When you buy berries of any sort take them out of the plastic container and line the container with paper towels.Then place berries back in
Spray dry baby wipe with windex and store in drawer.
Walnuts will look crumbly at first but will eventually start to release their oils which will turn the walnuts into a thick and creamy spreadable butter. It will take 5  minutes.
Place a rubber band around screw head before screwing out.
Glue tissue boxes together.
Wear tight fitting surgical gloves while you are dicing smelly things like fish, garlic, onions, etc. After you are done, just toss the gloves and you're good to go!
Cut slits in the chicken before cooking it
To make small circular pieces of duct tape for later use.
Add kitty litter and mix well. Leave the lid off and let it dry completely. Put out for regular trash pickup.
push the end of a straw through the bottom of a strawberry, into the stem.
Make sure the shirt is facing the right direction and then flip to where the biggest hole is facing your body. Place your head in this hole and pull shirt over your head, while also placing your arms into the two separate arm holes and pulling down until on completely.
To regrow a stalk of green onion,
how do you make detox strawberry water?
place the jars in a shallow pan half filled with cold water, then bake in moderate food processor for 30 minutes.
wet your face with warm water and massage the conditioner onto your skin.
How do you prepare rocks for painting?
Cut you board's down to your desired height. Take a mitre saw and create dovetails on the sides to place biscuit joints on the boards. Nail in the wooden biscuits.
Hold an apple in one hand on a cutting board. With your other hand, slide the blade of a sharp knife straight down through the apple until the blade meets the board.
you'll need a package of devil's food or chocolate cake mix, a can of cherry pie filling, and a watermelon.
give it away.
Condition your  hair using a  deep conditioning hair conditioner twice a week to seal in moisture and to smooth out frizzy split ends.
Staple cards folded in half to the bottom of the hat so that folded half sticks inward. Staple another card to the half sticking in and go around the entire hat.
Cut vegetable with sharpened knife.
shines with polish 
how do you open the trunk of a car?
click on the blue arrow next to where you typed your reply
Be sure to sift all dry ingredients after measuring them. Sifting aerates the flour, resulting in lighter and airier muffins. You can also sift the flour with the other wet ingredients to ensure they are well mixed.
Place dress on top of apron material and trace with a marker.
The pH of Dawn dishwashing soap is also around 7. This makes it neutral for human skin and perfect for dogs and cats. Therefore, you can safely and effectively use Dawn dish soap for eliminating fleas on your pet as well as its environment. Avoid using it too often though, as this will dry out your pets skin.
can be broken with a crowbar 
mix together salt and pepper in a small bowl and then rub the mixture over the surface of the turkey with your fingers.
Boil water, sugar and spices in a pot and add the vegetable or fruit you want to pickle and boil for a little longer. Let it cool down and then put the vegetable or fruit in a jar and pour the rest of the pots contents over it and store.
Say something mean to the very grouchy person.
at the top of your computer screen, in whatever tab youre in, there is a small square with a wifi symbol on the corner of it. click on that and it'll ask which tv you'd like to cast to.
Changing the bit on an adjustable screwdriver.
Use masking tape to block off sections.
How to make sure the hair isn't wet after a bath?
How do you prepare boiled yams to be cooked?
to cut  hair for a short cut
To plan out painting your wall with multi-colored squares so you don't repeat colors.
Prepare the pie plate by greasing the plate and place your pre-made pie crust in it
mix 2 1/2 cups (600ml) unsweetened almond milk    1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric    1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon    a few slices of apple pie    1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons maple syrup (depending on your taste) in a pan over low heat. Once heated through, strain out solids and enjoy
2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup heavy whipping cream Place a metal mixing bowl and metal whisk into the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes. Place the sugar into the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk just until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours. When ready to use, rewhisk for 10 to 15 seconds.
can cut plastic wrap 
Act as if you are being recorded (You very well may be), that way you'll not say something too crazy.
can wake dog up
You can turn a Gliding Car into an advanced Flying car by adding a rubber band anchor.
Sauté 1 each chopped red onion and chipotle in alfredo sauce in oil. Add 2 teaspoons each cumin and coriander; cook 30 seconds. Add 1 tablespoon adobo sauce and 1 pound ground pork; cook until browned. Add 2 tablespoons broth, and salt to taste. Serve in hard taco shells.
sign up for their credit card, if they have one.
Make your own table from what you have around.
place a few cubes of sugar into your mug.
opens working microwave doors
Throw scissors first against the man, he almost always will select rock.
Chew a piece of paper.
can be used as a  flag 
When making homemade spring rolls what kind of wrapper should I roll them in?
Remove the stem and cut a small x on the bottom of the tomato using a knife. Place the tomato in boiling water for 30 seconds, then remove and put in a bowl filled with ice water. Once cooled you can pull the skin off with your fingers.
Graduate college but don't apply to any jobs
baking powder substitiution
How to make Banana Ice cream at home.
Take top of shoe to ankle with scotch tape.
To make purple food coloring, you can
You may find them around the house or some thrift store.
Increase drainage of garden pots.
After putting the jenga set together to secure them
two 6 oz cans of tomato juice, 2 cloves garlic, 3    tablespoons dried parsley flakes, 4 teaspoons dried onion flakes,1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil,  2 cups water    Combine tomato paste, garlic, parsley flakes, onion, oregano, basil and water in 2 quart saucepan.    Cook over medium high heat until mixture boils.    Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes.    Cool a little and spread on your pizza crust and proceed with remainder of your toppings.
Place the banana into a small coffee coaster, then slice it in half lengthwise. Place three scoops of ice cream down the middle, between the banana halves. Drizzle the sauces and toppings on top of the ice cream. Add a dollop of whipped cream and some maraschino cherries. Serve!
Apply a small drop of Super Glue to your nail. Swish it around your nail so it hides the whole thing
carries highrise 
saw
How do you polish brass?
Select the size of glass jar and lid you would like to use. Add the dried beans and some hot water. Pressure can for 15 minutes.
Using a wood burner, direct the needle onto the slate of wood. Write your name as if you were writing with a pencil.
Remove cupcake from wrapper, cut in half (horizontally), put bottom half on top of cupcake, then eat.
Blow on the tape to weaken adhesive.
To make cookies with a box of cake mix.
You should search a home improvement supplies store such as Home Depot.  Also you can go to a retail store but look for a box that is big enough to fit on the back.
Place a soda tab can on first hanger neck.
let the air out of it.
can be tapped on a spatula and make noise.
win a best of 5 series by winning 3 games total.
open the app and check the notification.
When gluing wood together, you can
Harvest stuffing from torn up blankets.
Use warm water and a foaming facial cleanser, then apply an astringent and lotion.
To make holes in the cap of a water bottle for a sprinkler.
put one foot behind the other repeatedly
scrape the burned areas off with a butter knife, if needed, retoast the bread.
Place the can on a flat surface and hold firmly with one hand. Use caution in keeping your stabilizing hand away from all sharp edges while opening. Using the thumb of your other hand, lift the ring and push it all the way forward until the ring is broken off by the rim of the can and the seal is broken. Put your index finger through the ring and place your thumb on top of the lid. While pulling on the ring, press down on the top of the lid with your thumb creating a rolling motion as the lid pulls away from the can. To break the last portion of the seal, gently rock the lid from side to side until it breaks free.
Place them in a plastic box, with a cotton base and some dividers so the pieces don't damage each other
how to make kale chips at home?
How to make tea with a tea bag?
Wood
Search online for available rooms in the desired area. Select a booking and input personal information including one’s credit card details. Call to confirm the booking.
An often reported story on naming the company describes the founder, Jeff Bezos, telling his lawyer he wanted to call the company "cadabra", from abracadabra. When his lawyer thought he said "cadaver", Mr. Bezos decided Amazon was a better choice as it sounded exotic, and it started with A which may have been an advantage to customers finding the name near the top in a directory when searching for companies or services.
How do I wash my hair?
How to make Paper-Mache glue.
how do you hold someones hand?
Fill water reservoir with half water and half white vinegar and turn on. Next repeat with only water and then wash carafe and basket with hot soapy vinegar water.
To preserve pieces of cheese you make for storage,
1-1/2 tsp oregano    1 tsp parsley    1 tsp thyme    1/2 tsp basil    1/2 tsp sage    1/2 tsp sea salt    1/2 tsp ground pepper    Use this seasoning in pasta sauce, Italian dressing or as a seasoning for approximately 1 pound of chicken or fish.
Find out if you need to clean the aerator, replace the aerator, or clean some other part. Plug the drain with something so that the small parts don't fall out. if you have a pull out the coffee maker filter, pull out the spray/water filter part and unscrew the hose from the head.Give it a counter-clockwise twist, making sure you are holding the head and pliers with a tight grip.Get the small parts out as best as possible.Reassemble all the parts
to create a square indentation in the middle of the sliced bread
To thread a needle using a needle threader
fold one end into the other.
Invest in high-quality extra virgin olive oil for special meals or to drizzle over dishes
How do I know if the price at Costco is their lowest, or is it going to be cheaper later?
Paint each nail with four thick coats of polish. Let stand and dry for 30 minutes.
Include a photo of expensive car.
Place the lemon between a pair of pliers and squeeze down on the open end until it's all squeezed out.
make sure you tape off and cover anything that you are trying not to paint.
put the whole sealed can in the fridge overnight.
hats
Use a leather strap, nail or screw it into the wall, making a ring, and hang objects there.
Put the phone in airplane mode, this will conserve power, turning it off and on wastes more battery than setting it in airplane mode.
Install a hook in the floor and hang a chain from it. Place another hook on the chain and hang the bird cage from that hook.
Use citronella candles.
How to change engine oil.
Leave them as they are for added flavor
4 cups cooked chicken breast chopped.    1/4 teaspoon kosher salt.    1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper.    1 cup mayonnaise.    2 tablespoons lemon juice.    1/2 cup celery chopped finely.    1/4 cup sliced almonds (optional)    place in blender and blend to enjoy
Prevent shoes from getting other items in luggage dirty.
Can balance nails on its blade.
how do you fill out a captcha on mturk?
use a knife to shorten them.
Take top of shoe to ankle with duct tape.
To prevent splashes when using the toilet,
How can I cool my Pumpkin Pie for serving faster?
To finish onion rings after frying, move to a wire rack to drain and cool. Sprinkle a small amount of sea salt and pepper.
Find the sauce of the leak. Then deflate the tube and clean and dry the place where you want to put the patch on. Place glue on the area needed to be patched and remove the backing from the bike patch and attach the patch.
First, you'll need a large slab of wood and four smaller wood poles. Then, lay the slab of wood on the ground upside down, dent the wood where the table legs will be with a hammer put repeatedly hitting the slab and insert the poles in the dents.
Use multiple knitting needles taped together.
can cool a blade down.
Use hand dryer machine.
how do you photograph something?
carefully, hold the leg, and twist to slide out of the slot. Repeat with other bolt;
Cut off the tip of the piping bag with scissors so that the metal piping tip sticks out but is still held in place.
Add yellow food coloring to the frosting that you'll use on the cake
What tool is best to cut a stencil from an image on a computer?
Place meat in a small bucket, then put it on top of an upside-down aluminum cocktail shaker. Fill another pot with room-temperature water, and set it on the meat
To check if your omelette is cooked, lift the edges of the omelette with a spatula and make sure there are no runny parts on it or on the bottom of the pan.
Use reward based training for good behaviors, ensure to give the attention to good not bad behaviors, distract and redirect your puppy often.
take a little animal from the destination to keep as a pet in your home.
inflate a pool indoors to contain the child in it.
You will need a bamboo cutting plate and bamboo cooking utensils. Engrave the cutting board and utensils.
try looking into a bright light that makes you squint.
use a dust pan to hit the spider, take dust pan with the spider outside and shake the spider into the grass
When aging paper with tea, what should I do with the tea bags?
how do you co-sign on something?
Place the hands together, palms up, and apply slight upward and forward pressure to the ball as it falls.
Pour some denatured alcohol onto a rag and scrub away the paint. Use a rag that is as close in color to the carpet, as the alcohol can transfer some of the rag’s color to the carpet.
Spray a water-based poly acrylic finish onto the wood, sand, then spray again and wait until dry.
To cut the back off of a bullet, you can
pin
Slightly dampen a piece of sandpaper and press it on the floor.
Place a single staple in the center of the bow to hold it in place
What supplies and tools are needed to make faux brick walls?
how do you drive when it's raining
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk and 1 cup Peach Daiquiri mix, 1 cup dark rum.     Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan. Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with fresh peach slices.
garam masala
Make your own hot sauce.
Melt 1/2 cup white chocolate chips with 2 teaspoons shortening in the microwave. Spoon onto an oiled parchment paper—lined baking sheet to form circles. Let cool slightly, then top with pistachios and dried cherries. Let harden.
Add in melted butter and process in the food processor until the butter is well incorporated and the crumbs look like wet sand.
how do you dismiss something?
plug them into a calculator and click enter.
Wrap a wet paper towel around the beverage and put it in the freezer.
To prepare reclaimed wood to be painted, you can
To make homemade twinkies, bake in the oven at 325 degrees for about 25 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out covered in cake batter.
Recycle your T shirts into a bag.
Using a cable bike lock, loop cable around vertical post in railing.  Take one end through the front wheel.  Thread the other end through the back wheel.  Lock the cable underneath the two metal tubes in the middle of the bike frame.
A recurve bow which is four pieces but easily to fire.
how do you use a couch cushion
Place all leggos inside a mesh bag, place in the dishwasher.
rinsewith steaming hot water and scooping out the wax residue inside with a paper towel
To cut a can open, you can
turn the steering wheel in a clockwise direction while moving backwards.
Put the sauce on the chicken wings after they are cooked.
wear a fitness watch.
To seal leather for furniture,
To prevent dough from over puffing in the oven
Gather potatoes and a wash rag that is wet with some dish soap. Scrub potato skin off with rag and then use dish soap til clean. Rinse and dry.
In order to dye a piece of fabric for a cosplay outfit,
can sand rock smoothly.
cleaner
how do you use chalk?
foot
Inform the matter to your neighbor politely.
Take bites of the apple in a circular manner including the skin. Stop at the pit and discard.
glass jar
Halve the garlic and then freeze it in an ice cube tray with a small amount of oil and water
how to make pink grapefruit punch
How to dispose of die after tie dyeing?
How to make a chicken pot pie look elegant?
Glue the top of mason jars under kitchen cabinets, twist jar off for access to contents.
You should coat the wooden bowl with a butcher knife oil & finish per manufacturer directions.
How do I determine my band size for the perfect sized bra?
Freeze half a jug of milk and it will be fine if you let it melt when you get back.
how do you adapt to something
After removing the contents use a mix of water and detergent to scrub all surfaces, rinse with cold water and let it dry in the sun
add a little water or wine to the bottom of the pan, and turn the heat down low.
a match when you want darkness
With your fingernail, or a butter knife slide it horizontally between the top of the can and the tab and pull it towards you until the seal is broken on the hole and the soda is visible inside.
Draw a line above the knee of the jeans on both legs and cut across the waist to form shorts
Scrap off the excess material using a knife along the surface of the carpet. Put some baking soda on the affected area and let it sit there for five minutes. This will loosen the fat or oil-based stain grip on your carpet, making it far easier to deal with. Put your clothes iron on the low or medium setting. After it heats up, iron the affected area for a minute. Take a sponge and dab it with a baking soda. Gently rub it upon the fat stain. You should notice the grease becoming thinner within a few seconds of doing this. Use vacuum for few seconds to suck up any excess debris.The solid matter in the stain should prove very easy to suck up. Don't spend more than a few seconds vacuuming over it; if the debris hasn't been sucked up by then, it may need more unsticking before it's truly ready. If it's not completed to your satisfaction the first time, it's a good idea to give it another shot. It's quite possible that some of it wasn't gotten the first time around.
Find a suitable area at your house and then plant the seeds there, continue to water and maintenance them for a bit.
Pour hydrogen peroxide onto the bloodstain. Using a clean paper towel, gently blot the star until it is removed.
What's an easy way to catch fruit flies?
Make sure the canvas is properly stretched and clean from dust and debris. Use a spray bottle and apply a thin layer of lacquer over the entire canvas and let dry. Now your canvas will be able to showcase the colours you choose and lose none because of an absorbant canvas.
How can I safely cut sheet metal with a hacksaw?
makeshift kickstand
never rinse pasta
Scrapbook paper works the best for this. If your wood piece is much larger than the scrapbook paper, consider using wrapping paper instead--just make sure that it is not obvious! Another alternative is to create your design on the computer, then print it out using an inkjet printer.
consider it.
Use some torn up newspaper or magazine bits to start the fire.
go to studio
Cut bed sheet into large squares and tie around arm.
To save money for an upcoming trip.
can be used on safety pin gas tanks
Bake 4 dozens of eggs in oven set to 325 F for 30 minutes.
fill the center with the heavier ingredients, then sprinkle lighter additions to the top with your fingers.
500 paper triangles, scissors and glue
Place cutting board on bottom of open drawer.
Add holes to the bottom of empty vegetable oil tins.
Use Ice tray to freeze Lemonade.  Use from carton at grocery stores.  When lemon (Ice) is frozen, place ice cube trays in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed.  When blended serve in a dish.
Make the design on a computer software like paint or photoshop. Print the design on a paper sheet. Cut the design out using exacto knife.
Place the pieces together with paper glue between the pieces and fix with a clamp to dry
Use a chisel and a hammer to remove large pieces and a carving knife to polish and form the shape as needed
can be melted down by a lightbulb 
straighten your back.
Using a stainless steel or a cast iron skillet, add a few teaspoons of vegetable oil and set the pan on a stovetop over high heat. Pat the meat dry as the pan heats to prevent steaming. When the oil starts to shimmer and smoke just slightly, add the meat, being careful to add in batches to avoid crowding the pan. Leave for a few minutes to sear. Shake the pan; if the meat sticks naturally, it's ready to be flipped to another side. Sear all sides of the meat before moving to the next step of the recipe.
cover building 
Orange can be mixed by adding red and yellow together. But many other variations of orange, such as gold, peach, amber, etc can also be created by adding a third colour such as white, black or many other other colours to make a vibrant palette for your sunset paintings.
Mix half a jar of coconut oil with a handful of coarse salt or sugar to create an exfoliator. The moisturizing oil will last long after the grains have melted away.
Rinse the yoga mat in in used bath water to make sure it's clean and to prevent it from being slippery.
can remove tattoo from hand
use a pointed tip shovel, place it against the ground, use your foot to apply force to push it into the ground, then lift out the dirt.
Make Red Beans and Rice. Meanwhile, saute 6 cups chopped collard greens in butter over medium heat until wilted, 5 to 8 minutes; season with salt and chipotle hot sauce. Add to the rice.
Put a little bit of water on a piece of chocolate to make it a bit damp and press it on the floor where the remaining fragments are.
Get a financing app, then get inspiration from Pinterest for your design
Spray the window using small, back and forth motions to cover the surface evenly. Hold the frosting can at least a foot from the window's surface to avoid splotches and runs.
can collect buttons in a closet
What supplies are needed to make an LED American Flag?
Use a pair of kitchen tongs, place the cut lemon between the two parts of the tong and squeeze outside the tongs and juice.
shake the paper till the glitter clears.
Use a spatula
Paint the insides black
Slice a cake with perfect lines.
Do not cure in the sun because it will dry out too quickly and be more likely to melt.
To celebrate Easter with a fun family activity,
Add some bleach to the laundry when you start the load.
can be used to make a paper weight if it's not plugged in
What is the best way to get dog fur off of my vest?
shovel
After removing every other component (or you can leave the CPU, CPU fan and RAM), unscrew the screw holding the motherboard on the standoffs, and then unscrew the standoffs from the case.
It’s easy to make beautiful stepping-stones for your garden with large leaves (like rhubarb), cement, and a trowel.
can contain water and other things 
brush
how do you prepay something?
put some water and dish washing detergent in it and clean with an old toothbrush, then empty the contents.
Scrub to remove all dust and debris from the surface, then thoroughly dry with a soft absorbent cloth. Tape a border along the outside of the window frame, using painter's tape. This border will be the portion of window you want frosted.
Grasp the ladle by the bowl and dip the handle of the ladle into the soup until it is completely submerged. Pull the ladle back up and out of the soup.
Use a bowl and a large fork to beat the ingredients together
How to see if a cake is done.
Do something unusual and memorable when locking the door.
Press floss up in between each tooth and pull back out.
To make a portable pet bed
The high level of photoprotection afforded by a tan is far outweighed by the damage incurred in its appearance and the way it makes you feel.
Iron the pants on an ironing board before wearing them.
pick them up with a fork and put them in your mouth.
Make a dryer ball.
patches potholes 
how do you put a screen protector on your phone?
use ladder 
Put it into a paper sack and throw it into the toilet.
What can I use as the hoop for a dream catcher?
To prevent fragile items from getting damaged while storing.
blender
To create holes in a wooden rectangle so you can place a peg in it, you can
Create an Easter basket.
Click on the product, then click "Add to cart" and it will pop up there
How to make fried chocolate pies at home.
put a needle in it
enlist in the united states unarmed forces and have them pay for it.
file a police report.
pass something down through generations
peel it with a potato peeler.
Attach the face plate to the rest of the helmet at the bottom using a servo motor. Attach a switch to move the face plate up using the motor.
contains toys 
Let them hang in the fridge
flattens asphalt 
can be used to tear bottle opener 
How do I give power to my LED bracelet ?
To cook crusts without filling them to ensure they retain their shape, you can
place it through the piercing hole and push it until it is around your lip completely/
Cut pieces of cardboard box.
To make mac and cheese
sit down and keep your eyes open
The sun rises around 6 am
wrap the ornament in tinsel, secure the tinsel with Scotch tape, place ornament into a box
To design a doodle pillow case for a child.
How can I remove chicken from a deep fryer?
How to star an email on gmail
how do you spread your legs?
Grab one corner of your paper and fold it back until flushed with the side of paper making a triangle connected to a rectangle. Fold over the rectangle side to the triangle. Rip the paper along the crease.
Preheat oven to 500 degrees.    Wash pumpkin and cut in half. Remove seeds and pith.    Rub pumpkin with olive oil inside and out. Sprinkled with salt.    Place on a baking tray, cut side down. Bake 2 hours or until tender when pierced.    Allow to cool and remove skin with a knife. Pumpkin can be cubed or pureed.
How can you do sit ups without straining your neck?
can spin on a umbrella that is broken
Cook 1/2 cup diced bacon in a skillet until crisp. Remove, reserving 1 tablespoon fat. Add 1 cup raw corn kernels and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla to the skillet; cook 2 minutes.
One the end of a fishing line place a hook and above it a bobber. Put a worm on the hook and toss it into the water, holding the other end of the line. When you see the bobber moving, throw the line in the water.
They should clean it regularly.
Clean all hair and debris from clippers with a brush then place a droplet of 3 in one oil on clipper edge and turn the clippers on briefly to spread the oil.
Sand the wood down until it is smooth and then use a primer and once the primer has dried use gloss on the wood
Hold  crossing out In a bundle
Remove the cooked ground beef from a skillet using a slotted spoon. This allows the fat to drip away before you place the ground beef on a plate. Scoop the ground beef in small quantities and tap the spoon on the skillet to remove as much fat as possible.
how to boost mood instantly
Make beautiful flowers from coffee filters.
Using a moldy napkin, spray windows with Windex. Rub the paper napkin on the windows in circular motions. Dry down windows with a dry paper napkin.
put it in a tub.
To pare fruit, carefully slice away at the skin of the fruit with a paring knife until it is all removed. A swivel-bladed peeler, where the blade pivots around the base of the utensil, is the best tool to use.
Use safety pins on all four corners of the sheet and attach to mattress.
How to reserve a wedding venue
Make a tire sandbox.
Use masking tape to hold it in place
How to make polymer clay look like water.
You carve out a saddle notch in the logs for the logs to fit within one another.
can be used as  food for hamsters
Tape the leaf to a piece of paper and then work around the edges with an eraser.
Mix 1 quart hydrogen peroxide, ¼ cup baking soda, and 1 teaspoon dish-washing liquid. Use this solution to wash away skunk spray.
Cut about 3/4 inch off either end of the orange, cut into one side of the orange to the middle, unfold all the slices and they'll stick to the peel in a strip.
Pour water into the cup. If it leaks, then it is cracked.
put it in the microwave for five minutes.
Brush a feather duster across the surface until it's clean.
Place it in a bowl covered with plastic wrap, in the fridge, for 40 minutes
To a blender add : 2 cups frozen raspberries, the juice of two lemons. 1/2 c sugar and 2 cups ice cubes. Whiz until smooth and enjoy
Preheat oven to 375 F. Divide batter into 6 portions.Add each portion a different jello-o mix. Then add few drops of respective food color to each portion of cake batter. Mix well until to get uniform color. Grease a pan. Bake for about 12 - 15 minutes or until you can stick a toothpick in cleanly.
How to dress when working with insulation.
Burn the excess off with a flashlight.
use aluminum foil
Open small slot of baking soda box top.  Place baking soda box on freezer door.  Mark calendar to purchase new box in four months.
Shake the jar every couple of days.
can let through sound when made of  ceramic
spoon the ingredients into the mold and press out
Use your friend's charger while they're not looking.
can measure a hole in a shirt
Next time, trim the stems and put the parsley in a glass of water, fit a stock pot over it, and stash it in the refrigerator.
Tomatoes are expected to ripen after two to three months of growing. However, not all of the tomatoes on a vine ripen at the same time. Pick any tomatoes when they are pure red, and leave the green tomatoes on the vine for them to ripen further. Check often and later to pick those tomatoes when they are ripe.
Run plastic strips coiled around the seeds from water source to the seeds.
doesn't go in a  dresser usually
reward their good behavior with star stickers.
You will need coconut oil, sesame or jojoba oil, beeswax, shea butter and zinc oxide powder.
Put a fan in a window that will pull in wind from the outside, and then put another fan in a window opposite that’s blowing air out to really amp up the air circulation in your home.
Score the bottles the same height
How do you air dry a sweater inside?
run the barcode on the red dot
Use toothpicks to make the sandwich stay together.
press grass and rocks together inside of a bucket of water or mud.
How can I make flowers last longer?
To make sure your soda bottle doesn't explode when you open it, just slowly, slowly, so, so slowly open the cap while shaking the bottle,Turn it a little crack and you'll hear the hiss of gas escaping and you might even notice bubbles roiling below the surface. However, if you've opened it juuuuust enough no liquid will be able to escape
telescope
To remove moisture from sand, you can
Fall asleep easily.
Put a magnet behind your light switch for a way to "hang" your keys at the switch.
To get rid of headache pains in the mid afternoon,
Softwood is easier to work with.
how do you snap a twig?
How to regenerate sandy dead soil into soil that holds moisture and can support a productive garden?
How can you dry clothes more quickly in your dryer?
To send a letter via the mail,
You can get rid of cockroaches by filling bottle caps with half powdered sugar and half baking soda.
Place several devil dogs in a crock pot and place it on high.
add tofu instead of meat
To make home furniture.
Place chocolate chips into a stainless steel bowl, Melt  the chocolate in 30-45 second increments in the microwave, once you observe all chips are melted remove bowl from microwave
gets cleaned in pool 
yell thank you at the end when they are clapping.
How can I clean the inside of a drinking straw?
Add boiling water to a bowl of oats and cover with a plate, allow it to sit until tender.
place belongings inside a beach bag that is leather to allow the sand to fall through the open ventilation
To understand how nuts turn into butter in a food processor.
First blot the stain. Second, pour any type of brown alcohol (bourbon,brandy,cognac) onto the stain.
do not use paint or wood preservatives
sleep through the night.
Roll the paper into a tube shape and then use string to keep it together.
To make use out of a torn pair of jeans that are torn below the knee,
Mix together equal portions of cracked corn and laying pellets; place in chicken feeder.
Make up a packet cake mix according to the instructions. Divide into halves, and add the food colorings of your choice, a different color for each half of the batter. Layer into a thick ovenproof sundae glass, filling only all the way for the cake to rise in the oven. Bake in the oven according to the instructions on the box.
How to cook bacon in a pan.
how do you get free throws in basketball?
Take a ruler and divide the gear into six equal parts with a marker. Cut the gear with a table saw.
How do I hone the back of my chisel ?
how to make bistro bacon vinaigrette
Use a box cutter to carefully saw off the top of the can
how to keep fish from sticking to the grill
Secure backing board of barn door to frame.
To add a sour flavor to candy, you can
Wrap pool noodle around table edges.
Take your wet broccoli and shake it hard over the counter to remove excess water, then to remove any remaining water, you can take a wet piece of paper towel and rub it over the broccoli firmly.
Place the helmet on your head after it dries.
Rub scuff marks on furniture with walnut shells to conceal the marks.
you need to soak the controller in a bucket of soap water, move it around to make sure the water cleans the inside of the remote, and use the remote before it has time to dry to ensure it works.
shoe
Start with placing 1 can vegan vegetable broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed tofu, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh Marjoram, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried Basil chopped,  1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 1 hour.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Scrape off with a razor blade.
Apply setting spray to your face to stop your face from looking dried out.
Place it in a covered glass container in the microwave overnight
Put a large vicious looking dog out front on a line and then put a large "beware of the dog" sign near it.
Put two movies in your cart, remove one of the movies from your cart and proceed to check out, you will get an offer for the second movie and get a discount.
Make a strawberry milkshake at home
How to easily remove the flesh from an avocado?
Store in an old CD case.
Find out where you want to put the bed in the room and then using indoor Paint paint aa pretend head board on the wall where the bed will be going. Great idea, you can make many different designs as time goes on.
To make american flag shorts, the best paint to use is
To figure out how long it takes to dye a shirt with bleach
3 ripe avocados    ½ cup fresh cilantro    ½ cup olive oil    ¼ cup sunflower seeds    ¼ cup tahini (sesame paste)    ½ lemon juice    1 garlic clove, pressed    ½ tsp ground cumin    ½ tsp salt    ¼ tsp ground black pepper    Cut the avocado lengthwise, remove the pit and spoon out the flesh.    Put all ingredients in a blender or food processor and mix until thoroughly smooth.    Add more oil, lemon juice or water if you want to have a looser texture. Adjust seasonings as needed.
Using white distilled vinegar is that your washer will be left much fresher and cleaner than if you use a commercial fabric softener. Fabric softener residue traps bacteria and encourages the growth of mold and mildew and causes odor in front load washers.
Take a shower and lather up the armpits with soap. Rinse the later off and dry and go.
To unscrew a screw from a wall outlet without a screwdriver.
stay to yourself
place cinnamon onto waffle batter and then fry them in a pan.
You can  clean plastic using a paste made out of 3 parts baking soda and 1 part water. Just scrub the paste into the plastic using a cloth or an old toothbrush and then rinse it off. For tough stains on plastic, soak the plastic in diluted bleach for 5-10 minutes. Then, scrub it with a sponge and rinse
Paint the insides white
Cut fray with scissors, then apply super glue.
To prevent onions from making you cry when they are cut,
How to refresh a website on Chrome
have everyone split up to relax in quiet separate places when it's done.
How do you treat Camallanus Worms in the aquarium?
To prevent clothing from getting rained on without a raincoat,
One would use worms to move the waste.
Find out what color your date is wearing so you can coordinate small details like socks, ties, and pocket squares.
Acrylic paint or latex paint also work with stencils, adhering to wood, walls and furniture alike. Both inexpensive craft acrylics or artist acrylics can be used. Oil paint, though, is not ideal for stenciling.
Give them window velcro.
lift the  sofa 
how to flavor pasta
spread peanut butter and jelly onto a slice of bread, then place a second slice on top of it.
Use a pencil sharpener or a metal hinge
spoons
Bake the bread for 25 - 30 minutes in a 200 degree oven.
How to dice tomatoes for a pico de gallo?
can be wiped off of  counter 
How to slice bread
broom
Keep door open during hot showers.
To do so, carefully lift up the vent flaps and clean it out
Simply super glue them together
How do you prevent cranberry fruitworm?
ball
How do I measure properly when making a garden fence with a look-through design?
Click on your settings icon on your phone. Look for the wi-fi option and move the slider to off.
Fill the sink with hot water. Use the hottest water that you can without making it so hot that you burn yourself. ...    Soak pots and pans. ...    Add the soap. ...    Start washing. ...    Rinse the dishes. ...    Check the dishes. ...    Dry the dishes. ...    Put the dishes away.
how to make a clarifying shampoo
To wash your car thoroughly
Use a coffee grinder to remove the spare plastic
Step 1: Clear your closet. ...    Step 2: Let the sunshine in. ...    Step 3: Deodorize with vinegar. ...    Step 4: Use drinking soda for carpets.
Use a binder clip to hold clothing in place.
To allow natural defrost on your windshield,
Hold the bicycle upright between your legs with both feet on a pedals. Gently push off the ground with your other foot and place it on the other pedal, then apply pressure to the pedals with the feet to continue forwards motion.
Beat an egg, dip the pork-chop into the egg and coat each side. Press the pork-chop into a breading on both sides. Add oil to the frying pan and fry up the pork-chop on both sides using medium heat until golden brown.
You need avocados, sweetner, and yogurt for the bars.
aluminum foil
To grease a pan before using it to bake, you can
Nail directly on to battery holder.
How to Glue Pieces Together to Assemble DIY Ultraviolet Torch
How can I remove skin from chicken?
To keep prawns from getting rubbery.
Add a solution of vinegar and water into the water tray and run the coffee maker a few times
Add 1/2 cup of 7 up to an almost full vase of cold water, insert your flowers, this will preserve the flowers.
What toppings can be added to the top of a funnel cake?
How to prevent muscle pain during a workout?
Yes always let your server know that you have allergies, so that you don't accidentally eat something that will make you ill and also ask for extra napkins. Your server will appreciate that extra opportunity to serve.
To boost alertness and energy, you should take a nap for
soak the burned area in vinegar for an hour.
Drill a hole in the box and lead a plastic tube into the hole to provide an escape valve
Pour cocaine into toilet bowl for 10 minutes, then flush.
put it on your hair once youre done showering.
Take a small screwdriver and remove the screws that are holding the frames to the lenses.
Change the air filter in your vehicle.
Find a sharp pocket knife. Start shaving off the bark. Carve designs in the wood with your knife.
can show bibles 
Using a leather puncher, punch holes in the strap and the box. Put a rivet through both holes.
Wash the potato. Cook the sweet potato in the microwave. eat with butter and salt.
How can I recover stretched fabric?
How to Keep Your Resume to One Page
use electronic instruments and lots of arpeggios.
how do you shut a gate?
Roll the lemon on a soft surface to circulate the juices. Cut the fruit evenly in half. Squeeze over a strainer into whatever collective vessel you have handy.
Lay out the bamboo in a square, and tie jute string in an over and under fashion very loosely so that the sticks were pulling against one another. Then tie the end of the string to the beginning in a knot that is secure. Do this for two corners.
do not write in them or bend the pages down and then resell them on Amazon or eBay.
How to transfer shape of template to a piece of wood.
press down and hit save.
glue stones to another rock
Eating more sodium causes your body to retain water, which can cause you to feel bloated and gain more weight.
Build a stone wall behind the fire so that the exposed side of the fire is still facing you, this will reflect the heat back into the shelter.
Use frozen cookies.
To drill a hole in a wooden block to a specific depth, you can
Tie on end of the hammock from the trunk of the tree and the other end to a rope that is tied from a strong branch of that tree.
Where to get good treats in IKEA.
can measure a car easily
Heat a butter knife for 20 minutes, then put on bruise.
Turn your Tupperware upside down so that the bottom is visible on top,  place your drill bit on the Tupperware top where you want the whole and pull the trigger so that the drill bit will spin creating a hole in the Tupperware.
can be crushed by  comb 
fill the barrels with water, observe for any leaks
Pour 1/2 ounce crème de cacao into a shooter glass. Pour in 1/2 ounce crème de menthe over the back of a spoon to form a separate layer. Top with 1/2 ounce Irish cream liqueur in the same manner.
add a cup of water for each pound of beef to the griddle. Let the water surround the meat, searing it to seal in the flavor. Using a higher fat meat will work best. Cook on medium-high heat until the meat is browned all the way through, stirring occasionally. Drain in the pot with a colander.
Tap the cookies on the baking sheet with a butter knife.
how to make rutabega with wheatberries
How do you clean ear wax out of earbuds?
find a grocery store that is in the back of a fast food restaurant.
Attach two soup cans with some string and stretch those apart to talk to someone else.
relocate a house spider outside
Fill the rim of old tire with sand.
One should make their lock shim-proof.
Ensure a computer is connected to the router then on the link provided on the router, log into the router as admin then click change the password.
Using flour for the base to make an edible skull is the safest and cheapest option.
can stop a car
Stuff a poncho with rocks and place next to tree.
Use regular candles.
To decorate a sand castle in a safe way,
Stay hydrated during a workout.
create a video montage of all of the business cards and designate an album on your phone for just business cards.
Press the volume keys to increase the volume
punched the  foil open 
Clamp the ply board to the bicycle cargo trailer. Use a tape measure to draw straight lines in a rectangle shape. Cut along lines using a utility knife.
The beauty of homemade pizza is that you can top it with almost anything; some people like to use meats, and some people like to use veggies, just make sure add your cheese before the other toppings, and your sauce last.
To make an iron man helmet with the face plate that opens up.
Shake the can up well and leave the top; then point can away from the item to be painted and press down on the tip covering item to be painted and stop.
To prepare the water bottle to make your pen holder, just cut off the top using a pair of scissors. Just be sure to cut the bottom piece a little smaller than 6.5cm
spread it underneath your eyes and blend it with a brush.
Pick up the ash tray and tilt it so that it empties into the desired container, such as a trash can. Shake it out to remove some of the smaller contents, then set it back down.
Smash the concrete with a chainsaw.
how can I deter mmice
Put some ice in a glass. Measure an ounce and a half of vodka in glass. Finish the cocktail with soda.
run or walk for a total of 13.1 miles.
How to clean glass windows.
3 ft of snow
how do I grill steak?
sprinkle shredded cheese over half of the pizza on the tomato sauce layer, and then the chopped vegetables and meat on the other half.
can be filled with water 
can't be used with masking tape 
To prepare carrots for cooking.
5 meat: 5 vegetable:1 plastic
Stop glued on beads from sliding off a glass wine bottle
take a photo of each business card and designate a digital album on your phone just for business cards.
make candy bar donut pops
Try and get different colored sales receipts from shopping, you probably already have a nice collection in a cupboard somewhere. Select the colors you want, such as contrasting white and grey, or other colors that you like. Cut into three strips, each 12 inch x 2 inches. Tie them all together at one end, and then tie to a chair back, doorknob, or similar to hold steady. Take 2 strips and slide the 3rd strip under and to the side. Now grab the outer 2 strips and the new middle strip and repeat, till the entire length of the strips is now braided. Remove the bracelet and tie the ends together, at the desired length. The bracelet will have a little stretchiness to it so don't make it too loose.
Need the light of a lantern, but only have a small headlamp?
can bend light like reading glasses 
Drill a hole through the cardboard. Place the sticks to hold the paper, aluminum plate, or whatever you are airbrushing away from the filters and the fan.
First, use a paint scraper to get the looser pieces. Then use a toothbrush to scrape off the rest.
Bring a teaspoon of water to a boil on your stovetop, then hold the messy dish over the pot for a few seconds. The steam treatment will loosen up the stuck-on stuff, and you’ll be able to scrape it off easily.
Light all the candles with a lighter one by one starting with the outside.
mash strawberries with jojoba oil, and blend with apple cider vinegar. rinse out with cold water.
Take a few photos of your space. Bring your photos to a social media program, then digitally doodle all over it
Remove all the rust: Use fine steel wool to remove rust from affected areas. ...    Wash the skillet thoroughly: Wash the cast iron with warm water and mild dish soap. ...    Dry the skillet: Thoroughly dry the cast iron immediately with a clean dish towel or paper towels.
Start with placing 1 can beef broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed Bison horns, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh sage, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
paper towel
Using a paintbrush add a thin amount of super glue to the sides of the wood you want to be joined together. Place the two sides together and press firmly.
Use tape to hold it in place
How to clean a plate?
Go over with hot iron.
To create a base for lamp made from Vodka bottle.
fill your bathtub with soap and water, and lay in it.
cut off parts of it to use for starting new plants.
How to store a delicate dress?
Does swatting mosquitoes help me get rid of them?
How to clean dirty battery terminals.
Don't cook it to more than medium rare.
Use a 3% water solution
How do you make water safe for drinking?
is added to coffee 
marks up old black and white movie for viewing
Cut apples into french fry shape.
To clean a microwave oven.
Use a razor blade.
Pinch down on the thread between your fingers until you can barely see the tip of the thread between your fingertips. With your other hand holding the needle, bring the thread and needle eye together. Pull through and tie.
place only a single skewer inside of the line of meat.
On a Tuesday day, hold the glass above something that will burn easily.  Use a dry leaf of a piece of paper.  Move the glass so the suns rays focus on the paper.
use a rag, napkin or paper towel to wipe oil on the outside bottom, outside edges, then inside
Eggs, veggies, and pasta are the most common
string
Borates. Sodium borate, sold commonly as borax powder, can kill termites
Stop forgetting birthdays and anniversary dates.
Turn the car off and remove the reader, clean it, insert again and then read it
To make it easy to find your luggage at the airport carousel
how do you check to see if a diaper is wet?
Heal sore hands.
Tape crack with duct tape.
CAREFULLY sink your knife blade into the seed of an avocado to remove. Then scoop the meat out with a spoon.
Installing a house in your backyard for mosquito predators like purple martins or bats is one way to increase your mosquito-fighting power.
how do you make soap that floats?
drag an app over another app and drop it.
Cut off 1 inch of your thicker wire and fold it in half. Then grab your thinner wire and prepare to weave.
Place small amounts of lotion in old contact paper carry cases, it will be easy to carry and will fit less than the max allowed by security.
How can I humidify a room?
can be activated with ice crusher 
clean ear when something is in it.
sock
To prepare strawberries to be eaten, you can
Fill the spray bottle with distilled water. Spray your microfiber cloth (not the screen). Gently wipe the screen in a circular motion with the cloth until the screen is clean and dry.
Simply use your hands to tear the tissue paper into pieces
Write out what each cord is on a separate bread tie and attach the bread tie to its coordinating cord.
Use a pincher to cut the metal next to the holes of each arm of the whisk and then you can remove the metallic holder.
They actually aren't 50/50 it's more like 51/49 - the odds slightly favor the direction the coin is facing when picked up.
To reuse cooking oil.
add a nutritional supplement
How to curb your dog?
Pop them in the freezer for up to 72 hours to kill off anything that could be calling your clothes home, just make sure that the fur is in good condition before doing so; fur with a cracked hide underneath can tear if exposed to freezing temperatures.
Make organic paint.
How can I attach tomato plants to stakes in the garden?
a free form pie made with puff pastry and has a double crust.
Lay the tape out and select a piece that is the width of both of your hands laid out
How to Make a Sponge Motorboat
can be covered by a napkin and hidden.
is used to wash dishes 
To identify female blue crabs to harvest crab roe.
Start with peeled boiled eggs, cut in half length wise and remove yolks, place yolks in bowl and mash yolks then add mayonnaise, mustard, salt and pepper only to yolks and mix thoroughly until a creamy texture. Spoon the mixture back into the egg whit halves and sprinkle paprika on top if desired. Store on counter..
take Vitamin D and calcium supplements, eat fish and green leafy vegetables, get enough sun, wear bracelets if necessary, exercise gently, and follow with a doctor.
Cut all the veggies and gather your seasonings. Place the chicken bones in the pot. Remove the skin from chicken meat and add the skin and meat to the pot.
wrap everything in a clean diaper, roll it up so that it looks used.
How do you freeze bananas?
Materials :        Mop        Hair brush        Tools:            Flat head screwdriver        Clamp        Gorilla fur        Sandpaper
Place the AAA batteries into the holder with a piece of aluminium foil at either end of the bracket
How do you remove melted wax, like crayons, from your upholstery?
Gather marbles, set oven to 400F, place marbles on baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes. After 20 minutes remove marbles and immediately submerge in ice water.
Braid the end of the thread and do it quickly.
Cut strips of foil and hang from trees.
To keep condiments separated on a serving table,
bucket
can be used to press dry flowers flat.
Remove mirror stains.
Store cotton balls in jar with sugar.
You are going to want your watermelon cubed to easily blend it. Also, I decided not to strain this at all, so I got as many seeds out as I could easily get. Make sure you at least get the black ones even if you want to leave the white ones. The black ones will have a harder time blending.
Add ice cream to diet.
Don't always only predetermine the amount you want to lose (that's ok) but also indicate to others and yourself, the amount that it is ok to Throw away in the garbage, and you won't keep gambling.
Combine gelatin powder and water.
Unwind the screws til the strings are loose and then simply take them off.
to put soup on
Add a few drops of alcohol to eyeshadow, then let dry.
Place pictures at the ends of the last books on the shelf
Hang the towel over a hanger inside in a dry area and allow it to dry
How to find tiny items lost on your floor
teach them how to navigate the airport alone.
In a 2-quart glass measure (or a large bowl), combine the Kool-Aid, Jello powder and sugar.    Add hot water and stir until completely dissolved.    Stir in cold water.    Pour into glasses and freeze.
Use something pointy, like a toothpick, or a wooden skewer
A magic wand should be about 32 centimeters in length.
Toothpaste works great to shine up silver objects.
support and prop up television for viewing
How to clean a fish tank.
how do you buy someone off?
How do you prepare turkey before deep fry?
Throw chips with high fat content into fire.
Use string to run through the capsules and connect it to other capsules for hanging.
Heat with an air dryer and peel on
nail
Use a hand saw to cut the wood.
Upgrade to a quality all-purpose thread and be sure to use cotton thread for manmade fabrics and polyester thread for cotton or natural fabrics.
How to make an easy led lamp.
Hang them outside and let the birds clean the slats.
place the peanut butter container upside down.
rinse your face with warm water.
What is something I can use to make circles out of my dough?
To make hard boiled eggs
can be used animal bed 
wear wristbands on your ankles.
Heat up arms of glasses with hair dryer, then bend outward.
how do you invite people to a wedding?
dust a small handful of flour along the inside of the banneton, covering all surfaces of it.
Prevent spread of cold sore on bed.
by eating small portions throughout the day at regular intervals. Between your meals, eat a 150-calorie snack to keep your metabolism burning and to stave off hunger.
Take a bowl and fill it with water, then place it on the freezer for 4 minutes
Cut a raw potato in half width wise, pour 2 tablespoons of salt in the pan and firmly scrub the rust with the potato until clean or the end of the potato gets slick then cut off and keep scrubbing.  When the rust is gone soak the pan, let sit overnight then coat with 2 tablespoons of canola oil to season.
Cook the bananas you need for your recipe in a 300ºF oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Be sure to line the pan with parchment paper or foil as some bananas may leak when cooking. Once the bananas are black and soft, remove them from the oven and let them cool for 20 to 30 minutes.
Take a couple of the different sized bookshelves and place them front to front then secure them at the base and top with brackets
Soak the jewelry in a bowl of chicken noodle soup for a few minutes then rinse the jewelry with clean water.
Sift the powdered sugar, 1/3 at a time. Now sift the almond flour the same way, in the same kitchen scale. Now whisk it until it's thoroughly combined
preventing burned garlic while sauteing
How do I smooth out the edges of the PVC pipe ?
can be used outdoors as  a small tarp to keep off rain
How do you french braid hair?
Take 2 cups of cubed watermelon and blend with a whisk. Add about 6 scoops of vanilla ice cream. Blend until smooth, pour in a glass and your ready to drink!
How to you weight down a crust so it doesn't puff up while cooking?
To make the butter, just add the shredded coconut and 2 cups of butter to a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. It should have a creamy consistency, similar to peanut or almond butter. It will take about 1 to 2 minutes in a blender and 8 to 10 in a food processor, but it may vary depending on the machine you're using.
Salt: Salting and vacuuming your floors and furniture kills the flea's eggs by dehydrating them.    Essential Oils: Strong odors like pine, lavender, dandelion and lemon work as effective repellents. ...    Cedar: Cedar beds work well for pets because of their ability to repel fleas.
To keep a broken lid on a cooler
grater
Gently open the key ring with a set of pliers, sliding it in and around until in the center of the ring.
First decide if you want to make a bag, or bag-less model, then decide if you want to make an upright or cannister model, finally consider what type of allergens you wish to block and address those through appropriately placed signs.
Poke a hole in the top of the coconut. Turn the coconut upside down over a window. Allow the coconut to drain completely.
hang the tape roll from its sticky side.
Add 2 teaspoons of sugar into wash cycle.
remain awake, it forces them to say something, anything.
Beat the cream cheese with a hand mixer
Warm up water when camping.
How to glue the wall pieces of a birdhouse.
Get a straw and dig it around in your ear then pull out
Allow the cookies to sit for an hour prior to moving to prevent messes
can be used to cut pills 
Whisk 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup olive oil.
roll out a 2' long piece of aluminum foil, and press it into the bottom and sides of the dish and crumple the extra over the sides and top.
How can I attach LED lights to paperclips?
Lay out mouse traps and use febreeze spray.
To mix the blueberry smoothie thoroughly
Scoop into a plastic baggie, separate into portions with your fingertip, and then freeze flat. Break off a chunk the next time you need a little for a recipe
Place dryer sheets inside shoes when wearing.
Create a sausage soup
To cut hardwood strips for use in a longboard.
You will need a measuring tape that is flexible to measure your dog around the should blades and measure in at the mid line of your dog as well as the spine.
To quickly put even holes into card stock.
Place the plaster in front of a hose so it rapidly dries.
how do you slice something?
How to make a frozen smoothie
Less Mess Measuring Sticky Stuff
To make a tube out of paper
can balance a can
Hold a utility razor blade by the safety edge and scrape the paint of in a sweeping motion.
How to change a tire on a vehicle.
Charge battery when down to 70%.
Run the key ring through the key and turn until the key is attached.
They should add LED lights to their device.
Put a small amount of water in a glass in the microwave next to the pizza.
Make organic card holder.
coat the bread in butter before baking.
How do you make a dull knife shiny?
Practice controlling your short dribbles as you run at high speed with only  your strong-side foot.
How to reuse a pizza box?
Preheat the ceramic mold to 1500 F which is higher than melting temperature of Steel.
How can I prepare my shoes before painting them?
Make a quick no-sew superhero cape.
Kinetic Sand
How do you identify when to take a stem cutting from a gardenia plant?
Make the item you want to learn your "wallpaper" screensaver, and you'll be exposed to the new material often.
start up the lawn mower and smoothly mow the lawn until even.
Use vinegar.
To glue the cardboard strips to use as a coaster.
Place the seed in the soil, then cover it up and leave it
Pour half of the concrete needed in the mold, poke the concrete to add  air bubbles with scrap wood, then place the reinforcement wire on the concrete, then pour and pack the remaining concrete.
wax
Purse your lips by putting them together tightly while curling your tongue over. Blow steadily as you breathe out.
On Google search, enter keywords "speed sign." Select any that you like. Save the image and resize to your liking. Click on print.
vacuum
how do you brown ground beef?
Remove the places before cleaning the boots. After they're removed use a soft brush to remove dirt and dust. Then use boot cleaner after the brushing.
can protect airplane from harm
place a flat plate on bottom of the ramekin and flip it over
Use a knife to lift them from the pan
how do you mend a wound?
Place them in water and food color
melts  in the fridge 
When I'm making a duct tape canoe, how can I check it for leaks before putting it in the water?
Remove mirror steam.
can store marbles 
folded absorb water
Cut open a hole in a box for smartphone and place over your head.
can beat up hammer 
mousse
Sign up with proofread anywhere and do proofreading at home and correct others errors.
fill a shallow dish with alcohol, let the tip bathe in it for a few minutes
Reading a written guide
How can you find out what someone really wants for their gift?
brush it above your eyelid.
You should use salted butter to make butter cookies.
remove dust from binocular lenses
How does one eat a kiwifruit?
can be made by cutting and folding a cardboard box 
Place in freezer to freeze for about 4 hours or overnight.
Place a dryer sheet in the garbage can for a better smell.
can balance on a hand when the person is standing
You can use waxed paper.
Roll the shirt into shape diametrically and fasten with some rubber bands then press it into the dye
What do you need to make a concrete tea light candle holder?
dab on some ketchup before rubbing away with a cloth
how to make an easy fire starter?
add a little bit of flour to absorb the extra flour
Beat 2 ounces almond paste, 2 tablespoons each mascarpone and confectioners’ sugar, 1 tablespoon room-temperature butter and 1/8 teaspoon each almond extract and vanilla extract with a mixer. Use a paring knife to cut a pocket in about 30 dried apricots; pipe the almond-mascarpone filling into the pockets. Chill until set.
Use a piece of medical tape to tape second and third toes together.
can store crayon 
start with a crumb coat before you frost it.
One should use tape and magnets.
can be stapled by  screwdriver 
can punch a wall without much pain
fold it up.
Let the bread cool in the pan for 15 minutes then remove it and put on a wire rack to cool completely.
Drink lots of water to replace fluid loss caused by the burn and to speed up the healing process. Gently apply a cool or cold compress or a cold damp towel on your skin for 10-15 minutes. Gently bathe in cool or tepid water to relieve pain. Take a lukewarm bath to loosen peeling skin and then remove it gently.
mix together equal parts red paint and yellow paint.
how do you use only lte signal on a phone?
can be torn riding a  wrapping paper 
how do you clear a notification from your lock screen on an iphone?
the most effective method is to catch them in a trap and release them in a wooded area, near your job.
tennis ball
Put your hot chocolate mix in a mug, meanwhile heat 1 cup of water for about 1.5 minutes in microwave, then pour water over hot chocolate mix , ad 3/4 tspn vanilla and mini marshmallows, freeze and enjoy.
how do you floss your teeth?
Use sugar cookie dough.
run a razor blade along the surface of the jeans.
read a college textbook about the Civil War era.
Calculate the area of the base (which is a circle) by using the equation πr² where r is the radius of the circle. Then, multiply the area of the base by the height of the cylinder by the base again to find the volume.
how to bake mac and chesse
Sew your own clothes by hand.
Simply peel a ripe banana, and rub your teeth with the insides of the peel for about two minutes. After three weeks, your teeth will have whitened. Banana peel can act as a gentle exfoliator for your teeth.
will get wet with rope 
can poke through sock easily
how to clean a porcelain sink
Hit the center with a dense object such as a brick or bowling ball.
cup
How can I keep sodas cool at a picnic?
Take off with dental floss.
how do you turn off 'do not disturb' on an iphone?
To make a thin milkshake.
How do release a bee you have trapped?
Keep small screws organized.
can mix a  drink 
click the switch next to the alarm until it is grey.
Mix equal parts urine and water in an airtight container big enough so that the salmon skin floats freely in the solution.
Use a pair of Q tips to remove the tab.
Use the rake to make a hole.
bite around the stick.
can be used to cut fruit that are thick
What is a good way to close a sale when the buyer is uncertain?
Call to say hello.
Add the batter to a zip lock bag with a large star piping nozzle and pipe onto a tray with non stick spray applied to it.
Bend one end of card.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric Microwave until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Vanilla Lady finger cookie Pieces.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
paint a layer of white top coat over the entire nail and let dry.
how do you bother someone?
Using a rough towel or body sponge, scrape off the peeling skin or blisters that may have formed on the affected areas. Then apply soothing body lotion on the affected skin.
Take the top off of the Sharpie marker and use the felt tip to draw by pressing the tip on to the duct tape and dragging it to create the necessary shapes.
Slice stale cinnamon-raisin bagels crosswise into thick chunks. Brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Bake 10 minutes at 325 degrees F; flip, brush with more butter, sprinkle with more cinnamon sugar and bake 10 more minutes.
How do you make hot tea?
can make a design on a q-tip 
can't be cut by a butter knife 
Coat tiles with candle wax.
Saute 1/2 cup sliced rhubarb in butter until softened; add 3 tablespoons maple syrup. Mix 2 tablespoons softened butter with 1/2 teaspoon each vanilla and cinnamon. Spread on 4 slices challah bread; broil until the bread is toasted. Top with the rhubarb mixture and sliced strawberries. Dust with confectioners' sugar.
make quinoa
For an inexpensive book holder
burn soy candles with a light fragrance
how do you make a car stop?
use to help level something table put it underneath to support
Place all on hangers and inside gym bags.
How to Prepare Pound Cake Mix to Make Homemade Twinkies
Use a bowl with an electric sewing machine
Lay out the bamboo in a square, and tie jute string in an over and under fashion very tightly so that the sticks were pulling against one another. Then tie the end of the string to the beginning in a knot that is secure. Do this for all four  corners.
How to set the table.
can cut roots if sharp enough
pin it with a sharp object.
Stir until the sugar dissolves
Gas
plastic wrap
Take the Wii remote and plug it into the Wii console so that it can recharge, it should take about 2 hours.
Freeze sprite and gummy bears into a square, insert chop stick.
Mix peanut butter and seed in equal proportions.  Smear the mixture on a rag.  Hang the rag a tree branch using twine where it can flutter in the wind
What supplies do you need to make a candle holder from an old CD?
using aluminum foil, cotton pads and 100% water; completely soak cotton pad in water and place it on the nail, then securely wrap with aluminum foil and soak for 15-20 minutes until the gel solution gets soft and releases from the natural nail plate. Then scrap off the remaining gel with a cuticle pusher. use a soft grit file to remove any leftover debris.
how do you open a vegetable can?
Press a tissue against your nostrils and expel air out of your nostrils to clear your nose of mucus.
When disassembling a piece of furniture that needs to be repaired or moved, thread the screws and nails into a piece of Latte foam and group similar fasteners together or arrange them however it will be most helpful when piecing the furniture back together, also write on the foam with a pen or marker to label the fasteners or to make notes that will be helpful when reassembling the piece at a later time.
Let the cookies set in room temperature for about 30 minutes
How can I soothe serious burns?
To make the domino shape cookies out of the  domino cookie dough
3 avocados;    1 firm tomato, finely diced;    1/2 white onion;    1/2 cup chopped cilantro;    2 tbsp fresh lemon or lime juice; cook in a large pan    Optional salt and pepper to taste
put air in it
pan
How do I clean my computer monitor with toothpaste?
It's one of those things we would rather avoid. However, the best approach is put yourself in their shoes. Wouldn't you want to know if it were you that had a body odor problem? Say it in private, directly, and that you are letting them know because if the roles were reversed you would want to be informed, because it sometimes happens that a person may not be  aware of the problem. Make it brief, warm, and thank them for letting you speak to them about it.
Use an adjustable wrench and bend the tail to fit
Use an app called Find Wifi, it's available for iPhone and Android.
Add a small amount of balsamic vinegar to a cup. With a small paint brush dipped into vinegar, gently wipe the battery terminals to neutralize anything left behind. Do not let terminals dry, insert new battery.
can eat a rat
To melt butter, you can
After the hydrangea stem is cut, place them directly into the Alum powder and continue with your floral arrangement
A drawer organizer can be used to store kitchen spices, by function and size.
completely dry your teeth, and carefully strike the matchhead against your front teeth
how do you report something being stolen to the police?
How to roll a paper triangle up?
how do you switch things out?
You can use almost any garden herb when you make your own essential oil. You should use the leaves and flowers, but try using any woody stems or branches. Always chop the leaves to release their scent before you add them to the oil. The most popular are lavender, rosemary, peppermint, thyme and lemon balm.
How to recognize if a food is warm or cold?
How do I keep the end of the rope from fraying when making a hangman's noose for backpack?
To make your hair soft.
Put the cheesecake batter in a baking dish. Place the baking dish on a pan with hot water into the oven at 450 F and bake for 1-2 hours.
Use a jigsaw for cutting the details in the woods frame.
What are the steps to make a fruit fly trap?
How do you eat a pomegranate?
fist
What are some ways to start a condolences letter?
Place ginger into a blender, cover with 1 1/2 cup water, and blend until ginger is thick and pasty. Strain and squeeze juice from ginger pulp into a 2-ounce cup, squeezing ginger mixture as dry as possible. Stir lemon juice and sugar into ginger juice until sugar has dissolved.
Unplug  the toaster.. Put a slice of bread in each slot and push down the lever. Wait
drink it through a straw.
How do you care for Tulips after they bloom?
A soft metal blade would be safe.
how to measure things without them sticking
Check the expiration date and compare to the current date.
What can I do to insulate the tin can so it won't burns my hand when I carry the embers ?
can be cleaned by hoe 
To apply even coat of paint to spray foam once it is dry, you should use a paint roller.
Feed multiple puppies at once.
How to put wooden box together using wood squares.
How to change a dogs diaper
put gum with a strong flavor in your mouth.
open hood of car.Get jumper cables and place red cable on positive pole of battery,place black cable on negative pole of battery.Connect jumper cables in the same way to charged battery of another car.Turn on other car.keep other car turned on till battery charges.
How does one get a piece of clothing to dry really quickly with a dryer.
defrost deer loin; marinade in italian dressing and your favorite seasoning over night; using a dehydrator set to meat setting; place deer in single layer in dehydrator; turn dehydrator on
Place the cake on the serving plate and slowly pour the glaze over it.
How can I cook bacon for a recipe?
how do you wear a bra?
can craft a new agora sweater for clothing.
How to prime a wooden object before painting?
How to practice well
Practice, practice, practice, until it begins to seem less awkward. After punishing themselves so often, many people look for better ways to have fun, like swimming in the arctic ocean. You may want to take a swimming class first.
Place lamination of thin brass sheet around a balsa wood core. Tape to the wood. Decide on the pattern of the top and cut it out with a jig saw. Sand down with a belt sander.
can go inside  wood 
is something a  cyber-stalker can use
how do you watch something on tv?
Staple old gift bags to wall.
use frozen grapes instead of ice cubes
What type of oil should be used to fry Crispy Nendran Banana Chips.
how do you make a mixed drink?
Using your hand, fit the bulb in the bulb holder and turn it a bit clockwise.
press the repeat button on the screen.
can break steel 
How can you tell someone is lying?
How to evenly apply beeswax to shoes for waterproofing
Whisper to release a calming chemical.
How do you remove gel nail polish?
Make an eyedropper.
Once the chicken is fried, remove it from the oil and then place in a bowl with the other pieces of chicken to cool
Tie a knot in the string using your teeth. This will keep the string in place
put a new magazine in the chamber, turn the safety off, aim at your target and squeeze the trigger
Put all of the ingredients, except for the red gel and any flavorings, into a pot and bring to a boil. It's a lot easier if you use a candy thermometer to keep an eye on the temperature. You want the sugar to hit the "hard crack" stage, usually 300-310 degrees. Just before it does, add your coloring and flavors.
Use rubbing alcohol to reinforce them
Place a single layer of bacon in the air fryer basket.    Set the air fryer to 650 and cook for 10 minutes.    Check for crispness and cook 1-2 more minutes if needed.    Drain bacon grease between batches.
get 10 strikes in a row.
A pointed knife. This knife can be used for cutting a semi-hard or semi-soft cheese, and it can also be used for spreading soft cheese on crackers and bread. Place it near the chevre, havarti, Muenster, Stilton, Brie, Camembert, feta and Gorgonzola.
You can go to your nearest dog park and let it play with others
To make raspberry cloud cups, immediately after they are removed from the oven, press down on them with the back of a spoon to create an open,doughnut-like effect.
Use a nut and a washer
To mark a plastic bottle for cutting,
To help dry out shoes when they are wet from rain,
place the straw into the beverage, and then suck from the top of the straw.
Keep a full laundry basket in the car and use that to put lots of groceries in.
make sure that the grip is sufficient and that it will hold air as well.
Cover the part that you want to paint with painter's tape.
Can be  imaginary seating
cut the chicken breast into cubes and then set it in the sun to dry out.
coffee filter
Use a razor blade to carefully separate it from the bottom
Try vigorously rubbing it against itself along the places that see use (elbows, shoulders, hem). Then,fold the jacket in the napkin, wash it off, and let it dry
how do you scratch someones head?
Place a whole onion on a chopping board. With a paring knife cut out the entire root section at the bottom of the onion and discard it as this is the part that causes the tearing up.
Go to the router page and click on the troubleshoot button for the inbuilt process to begin.
What should you add to your reusable baby wipes besides water?
put it in the refrigerator and let it thaw out for two days prior to cooking.
push the toothpaste out with a bobby pin.
how to clean a garage floor
You can research what the best sellers are and see if any of them catch your interest.
What adhesive metal should you use when soldering glass?
Collect hair using paint brush.
The best time is around 11:45 am
how to peel a potato by boiling away the skin
can defend you from a pit bull
to give silver jewelry and accessories some shine
To create easy fire starters,
Keep in old contact lens case.
Herbs grow really well in pots which can be placed near a window. Just start from seed, they grow extremely well but care is needed. Just keep the soil in the pot very nearly dry. Test the soil with you finger, if it's dry at 2 inches down, you don't need to water yet.
Grab the die, then roll onto a flat surface
Scrape out as much peanut butter as you can, then fill the jar about one-fourth full with water. Add a drop of dish detergent, with the top off shake vigorously. Dump out the contents and the jar should be clean enough to recycle
once the dough has risen, wrap it in plastic wrap and place in the fridge for 30 minutes.
To secure the knot,
blanch them in salt water and serve them as a snack
Make a fresh smelling fire starter.
Liberally season salmon with salt and pepper. Place skin side down in pan and reduce heat to medium-low. Do not move fillets. Allow to cook about 37 minutes or until well browned and cooked about three quarters of the way through.
You can put them in a zip lock and smash them, or simply smash them with a wooden spoon
Hold both a needle threader and needle in one hand, with the loop of wire on the needle threader through the eye of the needle. Insert your thread through the loop of wire on the needle threader. Pull the thread through the loop so that you have a tail of least a few inches in length.
Making the board
You can make cookie dough from almost any boxed cake mix by adding 1/2 cup of oil and 2 eggs to the wet cake mix.
How to make a quick and simple bean bag?
Freeze a butter knife for 20 minutes, then put on bruise.
Puncture lid foil with a fork.
When you go to the beach and take your cooler with you, sprinkle salt on top of the outside of the cooler, and keep the lid shut so that it stays frozen for much longer.
Build racks, from screwed-together 2x2s, It’s quick, easy and inexpensive,  use 5-in. lag bolts to secure the racks to the floor joists but be sure to leave several inches of clearance between the bottom of the rack and the opened door.
how to grow potatoes
Take a fishing pole and bait to the creek, bait your hook and plop it into the creek.
To make Iced Coffee, Fill an ice cube tray with coffee and freeze it. Pour hot coffee in a tall glass, add sugar and cream as desired, and chill with frozen coffee cubes so that your iced coffee gets watered down.
How to remove the seems from jeans and turn into a skirt?
hair pick
spanks butts 
store banking information
To keep oil from splattering in a pan.
What can you put on french toast?
turn it upside down. This will save it from being squished and it is also easier to cut.
spread peanut butter evenly on one side of the felt and press onto the bottom of the wooden drawer.
To turn on a power screwdriver.
How do you make lye water?
Cover hands with grocery bags when checking oil.
Place watermelon on the BBQ grill.
Hold the nail with the thumb and first finger. Tap gently to get it started. When it's halfway through drive it in with a harder motion.
How many needles are to be had while knitting?
To keep track of who to thank for gifts after a party,
To tear tissue paper to be used in a project, you can
Keep right by the stove, so the heat can intensify the flavors.
Clean your make up brushes.
There is a submissions page on comcasts Hbo app and you are allowed to request shows not available there, if they find the show, they'll notify you, they take it  seriously.
To make a circle bigger that a normal compass.
Turn it upside down and put a pillow on it so a cat can sleep on it.
get cash at an ATM instead of going to your bank.
First place jack under and raise vehicle off ground, remove lugnuts, remove tire, put on new tire and tighten lugnuts, then lower car.
To clear crawling ivy and stop it from blocking your stairwell,
Use a bigger drill bit so the jigsaw blade can fit in it, make the donut shape by cutting the inner part of the lamp's lower circle by making a doughnut.
To make a simple base for a pinata,
Throw clothes in the dryer for 5-10 minutes with a few ice cubes.
How to turn whiskey into irish cream?
dish
You'll want to melt a hole in the top of the cartridge so that you can pour toner into the hopper. Don't use a drill to make the hole, because it creates too many plastic bits. Use something hot, such as a soldering iron, and make sure no plastic falls into the cartridge. Remove it if it does.
How do I make a dog toy?
Grasp the handle of the spoon in your hand. Slide the spoon into the container that holds the mixture bowl side first, with the back on the bottom of the container. Slide the spoon underneath the pile of mashed nut meat and shell. Once the bowl of the spoon is full, lift the spoon up.
Fill the entire board with your own marks, as that is an automatic win.
can be used to break chop sticks 
slice pickles, roll in flour and fry
You can wipe your exposed skin with Ivy X moist pre contact towelette.
Shake the paper until design is white and see-through.
Cut them all to different lengths
Take a can of compressed air, place the nozzle against the vent, and spray it. Continue doing this across all of the vent surfaces on the laptop until they are cleaned.
Double check makeup with natural light.
run 6.2 miles faster than anybody else in the race.
Scoop your batter into a piping bag. Cover your cooking sheet with parchment paper. Now pipe the cookies about an inch- and inch and a half. When you're done, tap on the table really hard so the air bubbles will surface and you'll get smoother cookies.
Keep track of gift card balance.
can wet your hair while you're eating
Pour mold solution into paint bucket. Place hand into solution until completely submerged.
Using a needle or a toothpick, apply pressure to the cap. Keep making holes until desired.
Place herbs in a clean, dry quart jar. ...    Fill remaining space in jar with oil of choice, making sure to cover herbs by at least 1 inch or more. ...    With the cap off shake well.    Place jar in a sunny, warm windowsill and shake once or more per day.
Make sure you stir the Jello powder into boiling hot water to make sure it completely dissolves.
Drink a cup of grape juice.
make puzzle into pic
Make a cleaning solution with dish soap and water.Use a dampened cloth to wipe the surface.Allow the rubber to air wash in the dishwasher. Rinse remaining solution from the rubber.Allow the rubber to air dry.
Using a 1-cup measuring cup, add 1 tablespoon of cranberry juice or vinegar. Fill the remainder of the cup with plain milk. Let it sit for five minutes and you have DIY buttermilk that will always get the job done!
Joining the legs to seat
pillow
Use a new balloon each time because chlorine degrades latex.
open the app and type the question in the search bar.
go to a nearby shopping center to get any last minute luggage items.
Use a ruler to create a straight line where you want it and then trace along the edge with a black marker.
How long should meat sauce simmer on the stove after adding the tomato sauce?
only engage in risky behaviors
Cut the dragon fruit in half. Use a sharp knife to slice right through it. You will find bright white flesh that looks similar to a kiwi inside, with tiny black seeds distributed throughout the fruit. Scoop out the flesh with a spoon.
Before you clean the floor with your cleaning mixture and a mop, dry the floor before you mop so the water cannot sit and cause streaks
Find a rock or cement surface, needs to be rough. Rub the top of the can over and over against this rough surface until the rock has been filed completely away and now you can open the can.
Use a hammer to drive a finishing nail at each end of the mold.
Spray the affected area, then wipe gently until the stain/mark comes off.
Press down on the gas pedal slowly with your right foot.
The easiest way to scrape stubborn coralline off your glass is with a credit card and a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. This also minimizes the risk of scratching the glass or acrylic.
When you have to wrap wires with electrical tape in a tight area, pull off a few inches of tape and wrap it tightly on itself around your index finger so the sticky side is in. Then you can just roll the tape around the wire with your thumb, using your middle finger to support it.
heat hot dogs if they are not on the stove
Poke holes in the bottom of the crust with a fork
can clog a power spoon 
put the frozen cream cheese and eggs into a blender, turn the blender on to medium or high, and mix.
To Make a smooth and creamy Milk Gelatin, strain a mixture of gelatin, milk, cinnamon, vanilla and condensed and evaporated milk through a coffee filter.
using a propane torch, heat screwdriver end (held by rubber handled long grips) until warm enough to bend
Disassembling old power supply.
how do you smoke hemp?
Use a jarred or homemade alfredo sauce.
How do I make regular blue jeans work for a Batman costume?
Mosquitos are most active right around dawn and dusk, possibly because the wind tends to die down,  so, if at all possible, avoid spending time outdoors during these mosquito-heavy times of day to reduce your exposure to the little creatures.
Carry a fire extinguisher with you, no one ever stops anyone carrying one of those in a hurry.
To mash potatoes
can be put on bathtub 
Leave a sliced onion near you when sleeping.
Place the pot with the water on the stove and turn the stove up to the highest heat. Let the water heat up until there is a constant stream of large bubbles disturbing the water.
To prevent a ceramic plate from breaking while it's being drilled, you can
Make chocolate milk from scratch
Stop a nose bleed.
how to make chocolat-almond toffee
Heat up a mug full of water for 1.5 minutes in the microwave. Then add a tablespoon of instant coffee mix and stir with the spoon.
staple chicken wire to two poles and insert into the garden standing upright.
brush it on your cheek over your foundation.
Preheat the oven to 325 °F and grease and flour a cake pan. Place the butter and sugar in a mixing bowl and beat them together until the mixture is light. Add the eggs and vanilla. Stir in the cake flour. Keep the electric mixer on low or use a wooden spoon to stir the flour in a bit at a time until it's just incorporated. Pour the batter into the pan. Bake the cake for 1 hour 15 minutes.
Run whole lemon across vegetable peeler.
Add salt and pepper to the pan when it starts to heat up.
take solely basics courses.
How can I smooth the rough edges of my dogs nails after clipping?
Blow dry your hair in the shower
How can you safely cut holes in clothing?
Using a rough edge of a sponge, place the edges on the rough edge until all edges are smooth.
You can take backroads and go faster on them
Cut open a hole in a bag for smartphone and place over your head.
You can use two nails to make a cross on a necklace.
how do I clean a baby bottle?
Fill a bucket half way with clean water and add 1/4 cup of floor cleaner.
How can you make an easy waterproofing solution for fabric?
how do you wear a graduation cap?
When you are finished with a project, use a paperclip, stuck to the end of the tape, so give you the end easier next time.
pinch the nail tightly with your fingers and hammer hard.
look at the back label
Use rubber washers.
remove the lid of the food processor, pick up the section of the device that is holding the apples, and then glop the apples all at once into the pot by dumping them upside down.
Glue a small plank onto another so you have a clean place to put screws
Before you make custard prepare a sink of hot water. Try to keep your custard cooking at a low temperature and stir constantly until it thickens, but in the event it starts to curdle plunge the bottom of the saucepan into the hot water and whisk vigorously to cool it down.
I cannot find sinopia colored paint   - is there another color I would be able to substitute for that?
You will need crayola crayons.
The magnet should be carefully weld into the rod by a professional welder.
What do ingredients get put into when mixing.
Hunt a deer.
Insert your most expensive coin first.
Save and use old chewing gum wrappers.
let the vegetables manage themselves without providing additional water or fertilizer.
First you'll need a pattern of what you want to cast.  You will need two hearts that are about 5" tall and 3/4" thick.   Start with a piece of foam insulation.
4 tbsp olive oil    3 tbsp vinegar    2 tbsp mustard    2 tsp maple syrup (or honey for non-vegans)    Salt and pepper to taste
keeps the sock pinned to the other sock
Secure an old phone to bottom of crib.
look up at the hits number on the top of the page.
Get your tortilla and rub with oil. Bake in oven for 10 minutes at 350. Make sure tortilla bubbles up a bit. Pull out of oven and cover with ingredients. Bake again.
Lie face down in a push-up position. Keep your palms on the floor next to your shoulders and your feet flexed with the bottoms of your toes on the floor. Take a deep breath and press up into a push-up. Your body should make a straight line from your heels to the top of your head. Draw your navel toward your spine and tighten your buttocks. Look at the floor to keep your head in neutral position and breathe normally. Hold for at least 10 seconds and lower yourself back to the floor.
a water gun    a board    a pencil    a needle    a spoon    oil    water    syrup/food coloring (It's essential that the syrup doesn't dissolve in the oil.)    the glass lid of a glass jar (I used a coffee-jar. The lid must have a plastic underside)    a toothpick
use your baseball mitt to secure the ball in your glove after it bounces off the ground.
grasp the center of the dvd case with both hands and pull apart.
Make Pasta with Garlic Oil with orecchiette, tossing 1 small bunch broccoli florets with the garlic before adding the water. Cover and cook 1 minute before reducing by half.
how do you save battery life on your phone?
There are many types of trees that can produce a sweet sap for syrup, such as walnut flavoured syrup, hickory flavoured syrup, and others. The highest ratio of sugar to water is found in the sap of maple trees.
Pull the fabric taught and apply staples in the proper positions
Clean the fan blades.
How to clean a wooden acoustic guitar?
soak almonds in boiling water for thirty minutes, and rub to remove skins
chicken thigh pizza pack.
can be worn as a  scarf on a head
What type of paper should be used to make the bookmarks?
dip a brush in paint thinner, then apply strokes to the doors until they're covered.
Revive your board by gently warming a bottle of pure mineral oil (available at drugstores) in a bowl of hot water, then wiping the oil onto the surface with a soft cloth. Wipe off the excess four to six hours later.
Begin by using the nylon hammer and striking the coin towards the center while pushing outward to the edge of the coin. Repeat until the size you want.
how do you use handicap parking?
How can you make thread as light as possible?
can be hung from back hoe 
How do I climb a ladder
Use staples to permanently hold the fabric in place
The best thing to use is a graphite pencil
can see the moon on a clear night 
While the video is paused, move the mouse pointer to any location outside of the video, and left click.
. Hold the burned hand under cold running water for a few minutes
you go on a ship.
torch
can grow edge of table of fruit
To slice basil for bruschetta mix
How to replace fabric from cushion on a chair.
Avoid putting it on your forehead and wear a sign that says "insects not welcome" if necessary.
The steps are:    1. Put bait in the bottom of the container    2. Cover top with plastic wrap    3. Secure with rubber band    4. Poke holes so flies can get in
Masking tape
How to make Hot Lime tea at home.
cotton ball
Wear protective earplugs
Use the inside of a couple of soda bottles
To easily keep cables separated from each other,
socket
First decide what size you want, then cut it with a saw.  Using the beam you cut, mark off 7 additional beams so they are the exact size and cut them with the saw.
Use crushed garlic, and turn the heat up, and add a scan tablespoon of oil.
How spread butter on bread.
Right click on the folder and select rename.
how to apply a hair mask
Pour water around the side of the plant into the soil and wait until the water disappears and is saturated then stop
Place bed sheet over sleeping bag.
Keep cake warm and fresh for a party.
Allow a tub to fill up halfway with the desired temperature of water. Add bubble bath, a bath bomb, or liquid body soap and fill another fourth of the tub. Enjoy before it gets cold.
Place dirty laundry in clothes dryer with dryer sheet.
One needs to trace their subject.
Eat 10 almonds.
You can use starfish, seashells or rags.
You should choose the screws according to the weather where you live.
Take two small towel racks, and mount them to the inside of your kitchen cabinet
can be danced on with ice skates 
1 teaspoon olive oil    1/2 cup diced white onion    2 medium garlic cloves, minced    1 teaspoon chili powder    1 teaspoon dried oregano    1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper    pinch salt    1/2 chopped fresh tomatoes    1 (14-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed    Remaining Ingredients:    1 tablespoon oil    1 large sweet potato, chopped into ½ inch pieces    4 tablespoons salsa    1 cup quinoa, cooked    4 tablespoons pepitas    2 cups chopped roman coins
Use some black leather polish and buff the scratches out.
spread the dough out across a 9x13 pan making sure it is of even thickness
Wet the dog with warm water, apply shampoo, lather and massage into fur, thoroughly rinse out all shampoo. Repeat process with conditioner if desired.
Cook 4 chopped thick-cut bacon slices in a Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp. Add 1 chopped onion, 2 chopped celery stalks and 4 chopped garlic cloves and cook until tender, 8 minutes. Add one 16-ounce bag frozen black-eyed peas and 1 cup water. Cover and simmer until tender, 12 minutes. Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup parsley and cook, tossing, until warmed through. Serve with hot sauc
Growing a beard can actually be beneficial because it will shield you from the sun.
can dissolve in  water easily
How to store some chips you've already opened?
To Make Streusel Topping, Place the Flour Mixture Set Aside Earlier in a Bowl. Then Add in Melted Butter.
chops diamonds 
Drill a holes in the wood that are slightly smaller than the pegs then drive the pegs in the hole using a rubber mallet.
Wear black and add glass paint across the clothing before the party to match a design you want
can
stand over them.
how do you flood a room?
When planning your garden, choose plants for your garden that bees love, such as dutch clover, alfalfa, purple vetch, birdsoot trefoil, and partridge pea.
can hold bin of fries
will get wet with hose 
Attach the panel with glue that can be scraped out.
To remove the skins from boiled potatoes, you can
Hold the pillow case by the open end and flap it to fluff it up, hold the pillow near the unopened end and stuff over the pillow case, shaking during the process to make sure it is all the way in.
Use a paintbrush to clean the grime off
Take a dog kennel and run ribbon through the wires, followed by a bit of grass and other plants.
can swim in a screwdriver 
Take a pair of chop sticks in your dominant hand and use them to pick up objects by spreading them a part a little and pinching them together.
Affix a label stencil onto the bottle and then apply the Armour Etch Glass Etching cream over the stencil. Leave it for 5 minutes and then wash under running water. Peel off the stencil
To grow beans in a bag
Push the fire under the grate part with a shovel and wrap foil aluminium over the grill to protect the embers below.
To mail a letter,
Where is the best place to bathe a guinea pig?
place a hair styling product, such as a gel or wax, into your face, then style it as you desire.
how to fix a toilet that fills off and on by itself
place it in a pot with water, and set it on the stove and set heat to high for fifteen minutes.
write the destination address on the front, center of the envelope.  Place the required amount of postage onto the envelope in the top right corner.  Write the return address in the top left corner.
Scrape off with a butter knife.
Find a topic that interests you, create a story or meaning, and then structure words that rhyme but convey your point.
use play-dough to stick the leather underneath the laser.
Cut tree stump in half using chainsaw.
Squeeze the slider with a your hands to tighten the grip.
lap
can grip  hair  together 
Place on paper towel that is on a drying mat to soak up the excess oil.
Let your cookie rest on the sheet pan for 20 – 30 seconds before moving them to a cooling plate. Leaving them sit for that brief time allows the heat to escape and helps prevent your cookies from crumbling.
With the wheel spinning slowly, you want to gently add as much water as possible by running your sponge along the inside and outside walls of your pot.
Clean with a damp paper towel.
Turn off heater to pull heat away from engine.
Use some shampoo and conditioner in the shower. Work it in with hands and rinse with water after.
Soak the tarnished piece in a solution of 1/2 cup white vinegar and 2 tbsp. baking soda for two to three hours, then rinse and dry
Use a pliers to bend the edges inward and place underneath a piece of carboard, bang down on the cap with a rubber mallet
To hold fabric together while you sew it, you can
Turn a stovetop heating element on high. Take a large bowl filled with 2/3 water and fill the rest of the way with ice cubes. Wearing welding gloves to protect your hands, slowly rotate the handle of a plastic toothbrush handle a couple centimeters over the element, taking great care not to touch it. After about 2 minutes the toothbrush handle will become soft. Wrap the handle around a cannoli mold to create the hooked shape. Hold in place for 10 seconds, then dunk into the ice bath to solidify.
Fold paper towel into container, tape sides.
4 ounces Brie cheese or 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese    4 7 - 8 - inches flour tortillas    1 pound butter or margarine, melted    2 large cooking apples (such as Granny Smith), peeled, cored, and very thinly sliced    1/2 cup chopped walnuts    2 tablespoons packed brown sugar    2 -3 tablespoons caramel-flavor ice cream topping    directions    Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. If desired, remove rind from Brie. Cut Brie into 1/4-inch slices. Brush one side of each tortilla with melted butter. Place tortillas, buttered sides down, on a large baking sheet. Place some of the Brie on half of each tortilla. Top with apples and walnuts. Sprinkle with brown sugar. Fold the other half of each tortilla over apple-nut mixture.    Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden and Brie is melted. Transfer quesadillas to a serving platter or dessert plates. Drizzle caramel topping over quesadillas.
towel
What do you need to grow an avocado tree?
To install a drive in a laptop.
patch some denim over it  by sewing
How many treats can I give my dog per day?
After bringing a bunch of bananas home from the grocery store, seperate the bunch into individual bananas and place in different areas of the kitchen. This prevents the ethylene gas emitting from each tea bag from ripining the other bananas on the bunch to quickly.
To pry apart the plastic casing of a laptop battery, you can
Listen to someone in a loud environment.
Find shells that have large holes in them. Use a piece of small driftwood and tie your shells onto the driftwood with fishing string.
safely clean dirty light bulbs
how do you tighten a seatbelt?
Use a punch to remove the hinge pins.
add several teasoons of cornstarch to the pasta water before taking it out.
Where can I get a tattoo
paper towels
To prevent strawberries from going bad when storing them in the fridge,
Spot clean the tent's dirtiest areas first with tent cleaner solution. Then submerge the tent in soapy water. Rinse and dry.
Use dryer sheets, put some in your shoes and in your pockets.  It will keep mosquitoes away.
Cut one half of a foil sheet.
To secure a patch placed on denim for sewing.
Start petting the cat and lay down with it
How to Have a Good Relationship with Your Teacher
Cut a whole in the top of the pumpkin and then use a hand mixer and begin to mix up the innards of the pumpkin to make it easily removable.
take the baby outside to walk around and get some fresh air.
To create a groove in a piece of wood.
1.5" circle hole punch    1/16" diy hole punch    Vellum paper (10-15)    Wedding rings (300ish)    Wire wreath base
How do you peel the husk from a hickory nut?
tape closed bags full of paint onto a window and let them trace their fingers on the paint.
To remove paper glued to wood to serve as a template for drill holes.
Sulfuric acid,Potassium nitrate, baking soda and cotton balls
can squash can 
make a list of what everyone needs and double check it.
groomer
can be fused to a crowbar 
Freeze salt packets.
Keep it in your tent or somewhere easily accessible for everyone.
Make use of a sewing needing and thread for precision.
Cut out a stencil of the shape to bleach, apply the stencil to the shirt, cover the rest of the shirt and apply the bleach.
can be slipped into a  pipe 
You can dust some sugar powder for the presentation by sprinkling some powder on top of the pancakes and plate.
How do you find the mean?
clay
can bend clothing in half
Attach a bed skirt to the frame.
How do I roll the dough out when making croissants?
Leave eucalyptus branches in closet.
The ideal way would be to cut the weeds on their stem so that they will wither off without any leaves.
Draw a line above the knee of the jeans on both legs and cut across both lines to form shorts
Make pumpkin cheesecake out of them.
Raise the temperature of the water as hotter water removes dirt better.
2 Cups Strawberries, sliced    1/2 Cup Sugar    1/2 Cup Water    8 oz Milk (per serving)    Place strawberries, sugar, and water into a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.    Pour into a blender and puree.    Place puree in a jar, then seal and refrigerate until cold (30-60 minutes).    When ready to make strawberry milk, add 3-4 tablespoons of puree per 8 oz of milk. Stir well, then enjoy!
Use the inside of a couple of soda cans
Open the website, type in your name and info then click sign up
pinch the cast iron skillet
Fill a bowl with apple cider vinegar and a bit of soap. The vinegar will attract them and the soap will kill them.
To complete a contract,
Soak pots in white wine before using again.
Use a can, simply latch the can on and twist it along the top or bottom edge of the package.
How do you use a pedometer?
How do I fold a plastic shopping bag to make it into fabric?
Where to keep honey after opening
can be squeezed by tweezers 
Sanitize toilet seat quickly.
how do you talk on the phone?
How can I keep my clothes from fading in the wash?
Slide a credit card between the door and the frame to pop the lock.
How long does it take to create pickled peppers?
Use a large pot or container with drainage holes in the bottom, fill with loose well draining soil, grow 1 plant per pot,     Use loose, well-draining soil. ...    Plant one tomato plant per pot. Place the pot in a sunny spot with 6 to 8 hours of full sun a day and     keep soil dry.
you need to pull on the couch to move it in order to access the floor underneath it.
To measure the length and width of a piece of cardboard
Put your phone into a drinking glass or a bowl full of water, face the phone toward yourself  to boost the volume of its speakers.
can dig through concrete 
can counter imaginary fire
Combine:    Seeds from 3 vanilla pods, ground    2 tsp. each ground coriander and cumin    1 tsp. ground turmeric    1/2 tsp. each chili powder and pepper    1/8 tsp. fennel seed
as soon as you notice a pantyhose run, dab some clear nail polish on both ends of your mouth or around your nose to keep it from expanding through the day
you need to unscrew the side panel, open the case, unscrew the power supply, and remove it.
You will need to bake them for 12 to 15 minutes.
Remove ink stain from polo pocket.
Place your finely crushed cookies in a bowl and add melted butter. Stir with a fork until the crumbs are all moistened. Place in a 9″ pie plate and press to compact on the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Heat the crust for at least 90 minutes at 450 degrees, then fill as directed in the pie recipe you're using.
How to bake your chicken wings?
You can use black olives and diced  green onions.
What sort of brush should I use for the yarn wefts when weaving my own wig?
take a bench scraper and scrape each hand until clean, then lightly spray with olive oil.
Place a bottle cap onto a piece of wood so that the flat surface is down against the wood.  Use a nail the size of the hole you want to create.  Pound the nail through the cap and into the wood with a hammer.  Remove the nail.
Bunch the flowers together and invert them, then hang on a line outside away from the sun to dry from the breeze
Bake the potatoes, mash them and pour boiling water over them.
How do I prepare a cake
Apply a small drop of Super Glue to your nail. Swish it around your nail so it covers the whole thing
flour
can cut paper 
Store first aid items in empty tissue box.
How to easily shred pork?
open the blinds to prevent light from coming into the windows.
To aide the process of power sanding metal.
How do you properly store freshly dried herbs?
Once you have burned the design into your ornament face, you can add color by simply painting with cheap watercolor paints and a small brush.
can wet lysol wipe 
Wash and slice all the vegetables. Toast the bread. Spread cream cheese on one side of the bread. Place lettuce onto the mayonnaise and sliced turkey onto the cheese. Place tomatoes on top of the lettuce and cucumbers on top of the sliced turkey.
lather it onto your skin until it is no longer visible.
Take a feather or magnetic duster and thoroughly go through all the nooks and crannies of your house and things. Repeat this weekly.
tumbler
How do you dust a cake with icing sugar.
Sit on a clean fresh pillow case every night.
Microwave Nutella and Milk in a mug.
Identify your strengths and target them with drills.
invest in a nice yard and nice fixtures on the house that can be seen from the street.
Boil water and add salt. Pour water (for every cup of rice, use 1¾ cups of water) into a large saucepan with a tight-fitting lid. ...    Pour in rice. Add it to the boiling water.    Stir once with a spoon or just enough to separate the rice. ...    Cover the pot and simmer. ...    Fluff rice with a fork.
pinch down on it with a toenail file until it parts.
Simply between a few exercises: think jump rope, squats, mountain climbers, and squat jumps—then do each for 20 seconds as hard and fast as you can (while maintaining proper form, of course), then do the one you choose for 5 minutes once a month
To hide an alarm system.
How to machine wash your pillow.
how do you peel orange skin?
how to keep herbs from going limp
brick
can be used to wrap up food 
how do you put charms on a charm bracelet?
Tape Silica packets inside kitchen drawers.
To prevent fly-aways and static in a hairbrush rub the bristles with an unused dryer sheet. This will allow grooming of hair with the hairbrush without worrying about fly-aways and static in your hair.
Take a plastic can and punch holes in it with a screwdriver, use the screwdriver to pry the holes wider and file the edges of the hole with a rat tail file. Press the potato against the can and push it back and forth.
fork
Get green Christmas Tinsel and zig zag it back and forth increasing in size as you go toward the top.
How do I get my cell phone working it it's being weird
3 ripe bananas
Use your toenail to rub the batter into the steak
Start with a small goal of 30 minutes, 3 times per week if you aren't exercising at all currently
Line a brick or cinder block up with any planks of laminate you're having trouble with, and tap gently with a hammer until the piece snaps into place.
Mix chicken salad with some sliced grapes and chopped walnuts. Spoon onto toasted mini whole-wheat waffles
To make a U shaped toilet seat more comfortable,
put them in water.
Use the crow bar remove the middle legs from two pallets.Using the collapsible pallet side, place on the top of cut pallets. Using the second half Euro pallets place onto the bottom sided legs
Use a miter saw to cut the lumber
How can you clean stains from a wooden desk?
Mount a large door handle directly onto the bottom, use four 1/2-in. No. 8 sheet metal screws. Try it. You’ll wonder why you didn’t do this years ago.
To mark a line to cut on a metal trash can, you can
clothes pin
Prevent house rodents.
mix some salt into some water, place glue on a counter, let it dry, and use a knife to put a couple drops of the salt water on the glue
Disinfect sponges at home
To make a cheap Star Wars themed Halloween costume.
Dust the lamp shades quickly.
cut the fruit in half, and use a spoon to separate the fruit from the skin
Use slice of cheese to clean.
Make custom heating pad.
When painting a house what do you need to do to it first?
Screw the weed fabric to the wood base.
How do I water my garden less?
Rub both sides of shovel with candle.
Right click on the file to be deleted and select the delete option.
can be hidden by  stapler  
Wear a pair of thick work glvoes
To create an egg wash, whisk together a large egg with one tablespoon of balsamic vinegar until smooth.
Chocolate cream pie can be topped with Cool Whip, homemade whipped cream, or meringue; whichever you use, cover with chocolate curls or shavings before serving for added goodness.
To form flatbreads, flour a work surface and divide dough into 12 equal pieces and form into small balls. Let the balls rest uncovered for about ten minutes. Flatten the balls slightly with your hands and then use a rolling pin to flatten them to about 1/16" thick.
One should buy green panels.
Cut the fruit in half, and peel. If you are opting to keep them as halves, put them in a Ziploc bag and boil. If you're pureeing, either mash the avocados with a fork or in a food processor with a little bit of lime or lemon. Store in a resealable bag and freeze.
To mix butter and other ingredients to make frosting, you can
With silicone, apply the tape to all edges of the inside of the end table so that humidity will not escape and glue the door shut.
Put the gear in running and push it from the side to get it moving.
How do you maintain a honeybee foraging garden in your yard?
Find the comment you wish to save. Above the comment, click Save.
can be turned into backsplash 
can cool a forehead 
Clear school glue (must be PVA glue)        Baking soda        Lemon drops or contact lens saline solution (see note below)        Acrylic paint in galaxy colors        Fine glitter        *Note about lemon drops/saline solution: Make sure that you see either Boric Acid or Sodium Borate in the ingredients. If not, check for the words “Buffered Saline” on the package. If it says this, you are good to go!
To keep frosting on cupcakes looking fresh and pretty.
How to trouble shoot a wifi router?
roll on the counter before juicing
You can use a commercial concrete vibrator or you can rap rubber mallets along the bottom and sides of the mold
Organize toddler bath toys.
can be used to hold a  ruler 
Wrap that loaf in foil (sliced or unsliced) and put it in a freezer bag before stashing.
melt the cheese for 30 minutes for a cleaner fondue
How can I locate the constelaliton Lepus
Slice the watermelon and then trim off the rind and cut remaining watermelon into chunks.
tumbler
how to make waterproof matches
use a silicone mat or parchment paper to cover the baking sheet
nce the stovetop is cool, spray the surface generously with vinegar.    Liberally sprinkle baking soda over the liquid you just sprayed.    Dip your clean towel in the hot water, making sure to wring out excess liquid.    Place the towel over the baking soda and vinegar on the stovetop.    Let this sit for 10 to 15 minutes.
Use a damp sponge to rub toothpaste over.
crushing wood easily
stick your plates in the oven for a few minutes.
Use pliers to bend coat hanger wire into desired position.
When not in use, store seasonal clothes in plastic bags.
One seeks to make a rocket capable of flying for a kid.
Start at the large end of the triangle and roll. Make sure the hole is big enough for your necklace.
can clean out the bristles of a grater 
To remove crud from holes in a chainsaw
Use a sticky note.
trees
To mix butter with flour and baking powder, you can
Use 1 cup of banana.
smack it.
Take the flat sheet of EVA foam and heat it using a hair dryer. Mold over a rounded shape while the sheet is still hot.
Add sugar and yeast to a basic ginger beer and bottle for 10 days or so until the drink appears to be carbonated
Heat chopped onion in a small amount of oil in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring occasionally.
how do you pay for a hotel room?
To make a drink less spicy.
Place onions in a bowl for 15 min. before chopping, this will make cutting them tear free.
turn the pair of jeans into cut off shorts by cutting off the bottom half of the jeans.
How to easily clean up the kitchen after cooking?
How do I choose the right pumpkin to be turned into a cooler?
To scrape freezer firmed chocolate truffle mixture into balls.
shows entertainment always
How do you make a copy of something with your printer?
Plastic Eggs or Egg Ornaments        4 small circular wood pieces (2 per candlestick)        3 Dowel rods        Hair Spray, Glue, Drill        7/32nd drill bits & 3/16th drill bits
Put spinach in bag and hang on a post.
Dab a small amount of white glue over threads.
put one foot in front of the other repeatedly.
Remove the paper around the straw by tearing a hole at one end.  Turn the straw over and tap it on a hard surface.
computer
To be prepared when in the wilderness, you can
draw a constant wavy line until it closes in itself.
To make breadcrumbs
To prevent a mess when emptying a bagless vacuum cleaner, remove the barrel from the cleaner using the deploy button, take a big bin liner and wrap it over the top of the chamber and half-way down the chamber itself. Press the chamber open button and gently tap and shake the chamber so all the dirt falls into the bag. If some of it stays inside, use chopsticks or a wooden spoon to dislodge it into the bag. Replace the chamber and tie the bag off.
To layer the shepards pie
Cut in groups of three and make sure to cut the power cord
Put foil on windows to reflect sunlight.
can be worn over your clothes on your body
To score 3 points in a football game,
Allow a few days for the water in the aquarium to settle. Buy the fish and place the bag on the water's surface to float for thirty minutes. Untie the bag and release the fish.
keep messing with it.
keep writing without commas.
If you have a window that has been painted shut, score the paint all the way around with a utility knife. Then take a putty knife and gently tap it into the gap with a jack hammer to free the window.
Remove chewing gum from hair.
can swallow tape although it is probably poisin.
spray furniture and curtains with a lightly scented fabric refresher.
clamp
Hammer some nails and hooks beneath your work bench and hang the tools from those
Sand the part of the car grille you want to dip after you dip said part.
sticks to  canister 
Lay the picture on a flat surface and pour a paintbrush in a mixture of water and coffee. Spread the mixture onto the picture.
Use a shoe box and cover it with pretty contact paper.
To melt dark chocolate to dip pears into for coating.
put it on over a shirt
Cover with old chip bag.
use acetate paper
How to make Mango syrup at home.
step down on each step.
Shuffle, and deal all the cards. Players sort through their cards, making as many pairs as possible, and placing these pairs face-up on the table in front of them. Starting with the dealer, each player then takes a turn fanning out their hands so that the player to their left can draw one card. Play continues until one person is left hold the Old Maid, they lose
can be dragged along the floor with a  bobby pin under it
Place the pick at the top of the guitar underneath the strings
Pour beer every few days into soil.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.    Slice off the top each head of garlic to expose some of the cloves inside. Place the heads on a piece of foil. Drizzle with olive oil and wrap in the foil. Roast until cloves are lightly browned and tender, about 30 minutes.
Find a bowed stud using a long spirit level or other straight edge to see if there are any gaps in the studs either side of it. Using a power planer plane the wood until the stud is flush with the other studs.
how do you use a roku?
How can I fix holes in an old tarp?
holding with whisk to eat food
Shake the can of spray paint and spray it on the surface from about 12 inches back in a uniform fashion until covered. Let it dry for 15 minutes and apply another coat.
To allow dog to adjust to grooming shears.
To groom a dog's foot,
wrapped in tissue 
To get rid of roaches use chalk to seal gaps, put out bait, or use boric acid powder.
Put duck fat in a pot and add vegetable stock over the fat. Simmer on low heat adding water as it evaporates for up to an hour. Remove and drain into jar.
Wipe with a coffee filter.
Rub some salt into the pan with half of a potato.
It is easy to make a wood look like Metal by chiseling the wood.
How do you mark cardboard for cutting it up?
Apply eye liner
Fill a spray bottle with half water and half ammonia,  and splash in 15 drops of essential oils like mint, lemon, lavender, citronella, or eucalyptus. Spray the house or the porch liberally so you can kick your feet up bug-free.
Use a piece of sandpaper and rub the smooth side against the wood.
serve as bedding on tent floors in the great ourdoors for humans
Vacuum the floor
Get rid of a hickey.
Perfectly cooked rice still leaves a little residue stuck rice on the pot bottom or sides. And  there may be a film left behind as well. Put a little baking soda and a drop or two of dish soap and hot water, and brush the bottom and sides of the pot to remove the film and to ensure all the stuck particles come away completely. Rinse well with hot water.
How to make a texture stamp?
Make dumplings.
Eat Greek food and consider filling a bowl with ice water until it melts and inhaling the water through your mouth and nose
How can you get rid of scuffs on a hardwood floor?
Microwave vaseline and apply on back.
What can I do to keep from being embarrassed by falling zippers?
To quickly solve a jigsaw puzzle, sort out all of the edge pieces and put those together first, then assemble the rest by color and texture.
pour salt in the bottom of the ramekin, and coat the sides with softened butter.
Holding one in each hand, slap them together by their soles until dirt is removed.
How can I get rust buildup off tools?
bend a screwdriver end to replace belt prong
How do you apply stain to wood?
Use a hand grater hold the beeswax in one hand and grater in the other and move the grater up and down.
can glue your eyes sealed
Dissolve a cup of the salts into a warm bath and soak whatever part of the body has the splinter. Failing that, you can also put some of the salts onto a bandage wrap and leave it covered for a day; this will eventually help bring the splinter to the surface.
To destroy any when they've taken over your kitchen.
speak what is being said in spanish, in english.
Chocolate is known to cause dogs lots of problems, such as hyperactivity, stomach cramps, even muscle seizures, internal bleeding and heart attack. Chocolate addicts should not share with fido.
chop it into square pieces.
Use a feather duster, which traps the dust and makes it cling. Takes 5 seconds per lampshade.
plastic toys
Tie newspaper around knobs.
nourishes people who are lactose-intolerant 
Use a coffee grinder
can make a salad 
Soften the butter on the counter.
can be done after drying the clothes
vinegar
Take the remote control for the air conditioner unit. Point it at the air conditioner, and push the down arrow button to lower the desired temperature.
Move the mouse pointer to the top of the screen, and click on the "reload" button, which is just to the right of the address bar.
Spray acrylic sealer onto the frosted window after it has completely dried.
Grow plant in ice cream cup.
can wipe baby powder .
How to remove a splinter from a hand or foot?
add some peppermint oil to the salad dressing.
think of a memory that happened elsewhere and mention it.
What is the best way to find something shiny you have dropped?
Fill a 3 oz plastic cup to 2/3 then place the 1 oz cup inside the 3 oz  cup and push it down until it is about level with the rim of the larger cup. Add a stone in the 1 oz cup to help to weigh it down without sinking. Stabilize the 1 oz cup in the middle with duct tape over the 2 cups. Place inside the freezer 6-8 hours.
How can you easily open a medicine cap that is childproofed?
squeeze butter through a pastry bag or plastic beg onto a cookie sheet, set in refrigerator to harden.
How much paint do you need to paint a room?
To make topping for donuts.
What should I use to make batter for a southern fried pizza?
How can I get rid of the barcode stickers that come on items?
Add a bit of hot glue to the underside of the hat then attach the hat to the body making sure to cover the rubber bands that hold the beard.
can be used as a  toy for a cow
Use a 1/2 HP planer to shave the plank of pine down to 1 cm.
press and hold the shift key and press the number 3 and release both.
Add multiple videos into the VLC playlist, then click on the crossed arrows button at the bottom.
One should acquire saline.
Add fabric to washing machine with one half cup of laundry detergent, wash on gentle cycle, a place in dryer.
You should use unsalted butter to make butter cookies.
Shine silver jewlery without commercial cleaners.
fruit needs to be placed quickly to avoid the stiff whipped cream from melting and making a huge mess
How to Throw a Party
call a time out.
pour liquid fabric softner  on a fan or the register vents in your home for a boost of freshness
how do you slouch when sitting?
type out what you want to say on twitter, then click on tweet. it will post to your feed.
Create string yarn dispenser.
part your hair to two sides. then make it into two separate ponytails with some hair ties.
how to replace a graden hose end
Buff the surface of your mani with a nail file to remove the shine, then soak a cotton ball in the acetone and place it directly on top of your nail. Follow by wrapping each finger with a small piece of foil, and after 10 to 15 minutes, the gel manicure should slide right off with the cotton ball
To keep leftovers for longer in the fridge than in the leftover container.
Make a stair slide.
how do you sit indian style?
People tied scrolls with messages on to pigeons' feet and let them carry the message.
put the dog outside so that it becomes used to other dogs more.
Weigh yourself to determine your starting weight.  Plan to lose 2-4 pounds a week and calculate how much you should weigh after four week.s
You need to fill the drywall with spackle, sand it, and paint it.
use a pencil eraser to erase the marker markings.
To remove stains, cut a lemon in half and sprinkle salt directly onto the stain. Use a lemon half to rub in the salt. Empty your iron of any water that might be left inside and turn it on to the highest possible setting. Apply the iron to the area of the the stain and leave it there for a very brief moment. Use a piece of 120-grit sandpaper to gently sand your wooden counter-tops. Remember to sand with the grain, not against it. After giving it a good once over with the 120-grit paper, switch to a piece of 180-grit sandpaper and sand the counter-tops, again keeping with the natural grain of the wood. Once you finish sanding, you’ll need to apply food-safe mineral oil and rub it into the wood grain with a clean rag. Let it soak into the wood for about 30 minutes, and then wipe away any excess mineral oil residue with a paper towel.
Wrap a wet a paper towel that's large enough to fit around your entire drink. Place the wrapped drink in the freezer and wait approximately 15 minutes. The paper towel will  partially freeze, keep it on your beverage to continue cooling down the drink.
To keep your cords from getting all tangle up
baking soda
Use a cheap foam brush or paint brush to dust between air conditioning vents.
tell them you don't want to go.
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with  olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 10-15 minutes depending on thickness.
To make banana pudding with vanilla wafers.
Place the dog in a crate in the back of the vehicle.
cover all of a floor
Take a felt tip pen and write your name the way you like.
To prepare the street signs to use as cabinet doors, first cut them to the desired size with a circular saw with a wood framing blade and straight edge guide. Use a nail file and some lubrication to smooth down any burrs or sharp edges. Always wear goggles and safety equipment.
How to protect a wooden cabinet.
Storing silverware for picnics.
apply traditional shaving cream to your mirror and wipe it down with a paper towel.
in order to connect two pieces of land separated by water,
For a delicious dip for veggies or chips, combine 1 cup plain whole milk ice cream with 1/2 tablespoon taco seasoning or Italian seasoning and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt.
bobby pin
Ropes can be used to climb trees by attaching the ropes to the tree and then climbing the rope by looping a coil over your foot, holding it in place with your other foot, pulling yourself upwith your arms, readjusting your feet each time you move up.
Apply hairspray and dab with newspaper.
how do you keep your phone screen from cracking if you drop it?
contains  cocktails for drinking
How to make a vodka and soda?
Create a destination list for the area you will be temporarily living in for your study abroad. Talk to other people who have been to that area for a short period of time for recommendations. Research the events in the area for the period of time you be staying in there so you can pack the exact types of clothing you will need.
Organize toddler's dolls.
Use Ice tray to freeze Lemonade.  Use from carton at grocery stores.  When lemon (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed. Add 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice with 1/4 cup salt. When blended serve in a dish.
call the cops if they come near you.
how to tell if your oil is hot enough
Frost the baked cake with sour cream straight from the tub.
take a few minutes away to calm down.
use the flat side of the knife and press down firmly then chop
Gather moss from around a tree and using a small chopstick push it into the tiny bottle neck so that the bottom of the tiny bottle has lightly packed moss.
Place clean bottles and parts in large pan on stove burner, cover with water, bring to boil and boil rapidly for at least 5 minutes.
How can I keep my tupperware and other light items from flipping over in the dishwasher?
lay carpet down on the floors.
tell the chef what you'd like to change.
Use a pair of pliers
fingernail
use a spatula to dig it out.
To replace batteries in the game gear.
How to make Reese's Pieces vanilla Ice cream at home.
Car making weird but only intermittently?
lay out the kale on a plate, and lightly brush with olive oil. microwave until crisp.
Trim and sand the edges
Heat up a hair straightener, if no iron is available, and pinch the straightener and insert the collar into the implement and pull slowly to flatten the collar.
push it forward while it is on the ground.
There is an actual song that was written to reduce stress, it is called Stars and stripes forever, and is by John Phillip Sousa, it was written and produced to reduce the heart rate and your blood pressure, it was proven to reduce stress by 65%. (It works so well it is advised that you not listen to it if you are driving a car).
need t-shirt to function
stick the key in the ignition and move the gear to drive.
What does a woman need to do to legally use her husbands last name?
To catch a fish while using a fishing pole and a bobber,
Decide which charity you are going to help.
soak your feet in warm water and epsom salt to relieve aching and soreness.
Velcro remote coffee table leg.
Add multiple videos into the VLC playlist, then press the Alt key on the keyboard.
leave the faucet running for long enough that it becomes cold.
can show tweezers opening and closing
To see all the clothes in your drawers
drink a cup of coffee and then drink a cup of alcohol.
Place the pie on the window sill, until it is  a little bit cooler.
Butter makes a good, flavorful oil for frying doughnuts.
how to identify orions belt
scoop it into your mouth with a spatula.
Pre-warm a bed before going to sleep.
Use a plastic card in your wallet.
Cover the jar to keep contents fresh.
Combine 1/2 cup  Wild Blackberries, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell is deep brown.
blend up some vegetables such as spinach or kale into a fruit smoothie.
Change shoes every 3 weeks.
Push your thumbs into into the end of it's tail, it will let go.
to avoid bubble when you are polishing your nails
Clean them and then crush them using a fork
Grip the thread between your thumb and forefinger and tie it around the head of the needle.
How can I clean the white rubber on the bottom of my shoe.
To make your own mascara in a pinch,
a gallon of vinegar, a cup of salt or Borax, and a bottle of good of dish soap. To apply, use a spray bottle where you can toggle the nozzle between a spray or a stream.
Soak wood chips in water for 30 minutes, and then place the drained chips on the hot coals.
use a chef's knife coated in olive oil and peel the skin in a circular motion.
fold the ends of the toilet paper toward the center making the end look like an arrow and roll the toilet paper back up with the point displayed in the front of the roll.
Lay out pieces of bread on a pizza pan, press them down into the pan. Put pizza sauce over this and then cover with cottage cheese and bake in the oven.
Adjust the coarseness of grind on a pepper mill by loosening or tightening the nut.
are sharper than telescope 
When it reaches a rolling boil it needs to come off the heat.
take them out as soon as the edges look golden.
How to alter old beer caps into a fantasy game currency.
How to give the head some extra support while sleeping?
How many references should a resume include?
Heat oven to 400°F. Slice squash in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Drizzle halves with the olive oil and season with salt. Place squash cut side down on baking sheet and roast until tender, 45-50 minutes. Use your hands to scrape out “spaghetti.”
Peppermint
how to remove sneaker odor
Take the number of course hours required to prepare you for your certification exams.[6] This can vary between 100 and 200 weeks depending on your specific program.
Take a needle and thread and sew the button back on to where it fell off from.
To eliminate suction when changing garbage bags
What do I do once my egg whites are foamy when making pavlova cookies?
put tea and water into a pan and boil, then pour it into a cup with a piece of cloth over the top to remove tea ginds and discard.
How can you creep your neighbors out this winter?
They are washable and reusable. Use a jar of warm water with soap to shake them clean, or clean with a pipe cleaner.
Wrap the wires together using thin wire.
What material should I use for a durable survival bracelet?
Using a belt sander, place the sander on top of the table and run it along until the table feels smooth and soft.
Position a workbench away from the hole, clamp the post in place in the workbench, plumb it, then pour the concrete by the time you have the next hole dug, the concrete will be firm enough to gently lift the workbench off the post.
To scrape cream cheese out of a strainer,
Leave a sliced apple near you when sleeping.
Put glass marbles inside the rattle.
Make a small ball of Blu Tack adhesive and put it into the bottom center of the jar. Press wick firmly into the Blu Tack, as it is pressure sensitive.
Brush paint onto the wood and let dry.
Clean gunk from pools.
how do you use tape?
How can I make two pieces of wood stick without using nails or screws?
to make a fun and messy twister game
pole
put it on whatever part of your body youre shaving before you shave.
Place the cats brush near the front or back windows of the house to encourage it to smell home
Sheet metal screws, construction nails, scrub brushes and plywood
How can I remove eyeliner mistakes?
Beans and peas are climbers, and they add nitrogen to the soil.  When they die back, their foliage fertilizes the soil, strengthening the next plants. Swiss chard and kale add nitrogen also.
Pull opposite corners away from each other to open the bag.
blade
To prep the baking sheet,
Go into a gym and ask to buy one
place carpet all over the house.
netting
Allow it to cool on the curb before being served
only add natural and organic waste to the heap and insure you agitate and move its contents regularly
Click Youtube's website, then search the name you want
You can get rid of wrinkles without an iron by filling a canteen with very cold water.  Use the canteen to beat out wrinkles while applying pressure.
First, wipe it down with a slightly damp cloth and dry it completely with a towel so the leather doesn't warp. After that, you can use leather polish or shoe polish in light amounts to help your jacket look better.
Put a tile or other tracking device in the wallet so you can always find it.
Use a putty knife to scrape the moss off of the steps.
how to soften brown sugar
cardboard
Place gift card in old dvd case.
To make the glaze seep down into the bread a lot, you can poke tiny holes with a tooth pick before pouring the glaze on.
how to create your own spice containers for camping
add ingredients to the blender, and thin with water until the desired thickness is reached.
Place spoon on eye when putting on eyeliner.
chew them.
scoop it into your mouth with a spoon
Ball jeans up. Fold jeans in half vertically. Fold jeans in half horizontally. Fold jeans in 3rds horizontally until pant is completely folded.
How to patch up a hole in drywall.
How do you get rid of mice?
Wrap with toilet paper and then in shoebox.
how do you smooth your lipstick?
Connect your bracelet to a 12 V / 7 Ah Lead Acid car Battery.
4 part conditioner to 2 parts corn flour/corn starch.    Food coloring (optional) Pour in the corn flour. Give the mixture a good stir. Step 4 (optional) Add a few drops of food coloring. Mix well using your hands.
Cut up toilet paper tissue into designs.
how to make tomato-rosemary rice
Remove mildew from tub.
Measure enough tissue paper to cover each raindrop, cut to size and glue to the wires
The screen needs to be cut to the size of the opening of the jar.
take a dose of a melatonin before bed.
Make cookies without oven.
how to get a streak free shine
soak in cold water before washing.
Set up the perfect workspace by gathering a dirty trashcan to store tools, bowls and utensils. And make sure to keep a trashcan within arm’s reach.
How do you turn up the volume on a computer?
makes a ground cover when loose
how to melt butter on the grill
Make Pasta with Garlic Oilwith orecchiette, sauteing 1 head cauliflower florets in the oil before adding the garlic and 4 chopped anchovies. Use only 1/2 cup pasta water. Top with toasted breadcrumbs.
How do you stop a toothache fast?
What can I use to protect me from hail and snow
Make a leg support for bed time, to take pressure off of your back.
how do you jeapordize something?
water bottle
How do you keep the heat from a fire inside a primitive shelter?
Keep a laundry plastic basket in car trunk for the bags.
Use a sander to remove rough edges and surfaces along with any dirt.
how to unclog a toilet without a plunger
Stand straight, with the barbell held in the hands, arms resting. Bend your arms at the shoulders, to lift the barbell to a flat angle, and then lower it back down and repeat.
Mix 2 eggs and a half cup asprin with the cake mix, and it becomes cookie batter.
Remove the wheels from the bike, cut the comic book paper into strips; prime bike with black paint; use modge podge to add comics to bike
Set up a simple Kratky Hydroponics Grower.
Double forward slashes are used before the comment segment.
Get a smaller pot then the plant needs. Gather some potting soil and a few rocks to keep the drainage area clean. Add soil and rocks to pot and carefully flip your plant upside down with your hand around it. Pull it out and put in new pot.
Cut thick slices from a potato and place the slices under your eyelids.
take a pair of shears and cut the lettuce off at the base.
Trace the lines for the paper with a pencil and a ruler and slice carefully with a boxcutter
To make salad roses, first cut your vegetables into thin slices about 1/16" thick. You can do this easily with a mandolin. Then you can cut your onion in half, peel it and cut a slice around 1/3" thick. Pop out the outermost, largest rings, these will be used to hold your "rose" petals. The size of the onion ring determines the size of the rose.
What to do when a dog is barking at you?
can store yogurt when it isn't sealed
how do you close a cabinet?
Fill it with water, soap and vinegar .. let it soak until clean then rinse.
The best place to go is a blacksmith
Toss 1/3 cup each quartered cherry tomato plants and mini mozzarella balls, 1/4 cup chopped roasted red pepper, 2 teaspoons minced shallot, 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; set aside 15 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon chopped basil. Cut one-third off the top of a soft sub roll and pull out some of the inside, leaving a 1/2-inch border around the edges; spread pesto inside. Fill with the tomato mixture and replace the roll top.
buy cheap and nutritious foods, avoid processed foods which are more expensive, grow your own food, take advantage of discounts and coupons, and stop eating at home.
poke through paper 
How can I make a random meal
Place a clean chopping board on the sidewalk and stretch the  dead snake out head side up  on the chopping board, use a clean sharp smooth large knife to chop the head off with a swift chop .
get them sharpened by a professional
To make flaxseeds more easily digestible.
To learn to dance.
can be used as a fork 
To create more storage in a milk crate bookcase.
use a wide toothed comb on wet hair.
Fill a small jar with hydrogen peroxide.  Find a dead insect. Identify and label your insect by putting a label on the jar.  Carefully put insect in jar.  Close and seal the jar and store in a warm location.
Prevent note cards from liquid spills.
rolling pin
To conceal your blue pens from people who don't return them,
How can you make a pallet coaster?
Use a double boiler on the stove and stick a block of wax into the inner pan. Once the wax is melted add a crayon for color and a scent like vanilla extract and stir. The wax is ready to make a candle.
shines a light 
stores a computer 
apply sunscreen after spending time in the sun.
When boiling butter, when it's ready, you can
place the sheet of paper into the side pocket of the binder.
Cut off the body and use the shirt like any other rag.
Make use of as extra beam compass.
fill a bottle with water and spray it all over the shower head. Leave it for a few seconds before scrubbing.
After frying them, lay them on a few layers of paper towels to absorb the excess.
Rinse it out thoroughly after removing the lipstick
Use a wire stripper
How can I keep things fresh and dry in my closet?
hair pick
Make a pair of earrings from scrabble tiles.
unsubscribe from optional TV packages, find a more thrifty plan for your phone, trade in an expensive car for one that is cheap to maintain, sell unused electronic gadgets, and buy food and clothes from thrift stores.
Cut a soda bottle in half, place the top upside down in the bottom part, then add sugar water before hanging.
Use Large clasp sheet metal type paper clips, snap on back of keyboard and it will elevate the back, you can adjust height by opening or closing the clasp slide.
Crack your egg into a bowl. Bring a pan of water filled at least 5cm deep to a simmer. Tip the egg into the pan.Cook for 10 minutes then turn off the heat and leave the pan for 20-30 minutes. Lift the egg out with a slotted spoon and drain it on kitchen counter.
You should use a fabric that is absorbent.
Use q-tip and lemon juice.
How can I get just made fresh fries at McDonald's?
In a blender combine vanilla ice cream, milk, and strawberries, then blend for a second and pour into a glass.
sprinkle some salt lightly on a countertop, place the dough on the floured surface, and use the rolling pin to flatten out the dough to 1" thick.
allow the dog to be dropped off in the forest.
melt the corners with a lighter.
You will need four packs of Jello of similar flavors, one pack of fresh strawberries, three to five bananas, crushed pineapple, sour cream, and water.
Baseball batters gloves
Use bread twist ties to secure rolled up cords.
Elevate the hand below your body for 5-10 minutes with ice around the ring and finger.
To peel an orange with a spoon,
Eat solid fruit instead of drinking juice.
Brush the hammock with a soft brush and detergent then spray with a hose with cold water and let it dry naturally
shirt
Apply butter around finger.
broom
How do you get the seeds out of a pepper?
shoes
Step into a bar.  Ask if there are any umbrellas in lost and found.  Leave them a nice tip and take your new umbrella.
go downward from number 10.
Shine silver without silver polish.
protects arm  from mosquito bites
To make kitchen chrome appliances shine
One could paint the plants.
Soak white mugs.
can make invisible wrapping
pick up all your hair into a ponytail, and then tie it into a scrunchy to hold it in place.
How do you get a dog to stop pulling the leash?
To remove old, chipping paint off of a wooden structure,
pitcher
pour some poison in the drink.
The birds are decimating my grapes just as they are nice a juicy, help!
How to Easily Remove Garlic Skins
Duct tape a hose nozzle and hose to a long handled broom or any long handle.
cover both of your eyes with two hands when entering the room.
Applying heat to the lid will expand it slightly, releasing it from its tight grip. Methods of heating include running the lid under hot water or putting the jar, lid first, into a bowl of hot water for thirty seconds. You can also use a hair dryer. Opening the lid once heat has been applied is best done with a pot holder or dry dish towel to avoid getting burn
While the pasta is cooling, pour some olive oil into it and toss it around
cleans up paint if spilled
is great on top of pancakes in the morning
How to cut perfect fit crown molding?
How can I make a neat trash bag dispenser?
In a bowl, mix butter, sugar, brown sugar, vanilla extract, and eggs. To this, add a mixture of flour, baking soda, and salt. Finally, add chocolate chips to the bowl and mix thoroughly with a wooden spoon.
Prevent waste of vegetable oil.
can be used outdoors as  a truck cover to keep off rain
How can you sign it to a different account on the laptop?
Buy something above it.
can make a clean dishes 
How to do you stop a door hinge from squeaking?
Scrub the speakers. Using a soft-bristled toothbrush, brush the speaker ports. This gentle motion should clean grime and gunk off the speakers. ...    Use painter's tape. Painter's tape is a blue tape used when painting walls. ...    Blow debris out of the speaker. Use compressed air to blow lint and dust out of your speakers.
how do you pull over for a cop when driving?
To cut a rod to length.
How can I remove permanent marker stain from walls?
Use a fine-tooth pipe cleaner along the inside of the pipe.
Create a vegetable strainer by attaching wooden sides to the outer edges. Make sure the that edges are sealed with a sealant. Drain noodles or rinse vegetables in it.
It is short enough to be a tshirt.
locate the door locking mechanism and place into the locked position.
Use a fork.
Use a ruler to mark where the cuts should be made
Place fingers under cold running water, use ginger to gently scrub them.
To mix butter and eggs together, you can
To unwrap a sucker
Place fruit in paper bag for a day.
To save money when you need cash,
can look for rock from Mars
speak out.
Remove the cap from the product. Spray the product generously onto the whole body.
Use a skewer to thoroughly mix them
Apply vaseline before putting on diaper.
Mix a few drops of colored dye into wax and mix with a thermometer.
To become conscious during your dreams,
Cut the slots for the garbage can handle deep enough to allow the barrel to hang with the rim at the same height as the rim of the metal drum.  Test the fit of the liner and make any changes necessary. File any sharp rasps off of the metal barrel.
After placing a stack of charcoal in the grill basin add a handful of potato chips around and on top of the stack of charcoal. Potato chips contain oil and can install the charcoal for the grill without using lighter fluid for a cookout.
can destroy video evidence.
swipe down from the top of the page.
take the charger cord out and see what the battery is at.
Fold in half and base it off that
To toast a bun on a grill, grill pan, or griddle, split the bun open, place it cut side down on the grill, and grill until light golden brown, about 10 seconds.
comply with most of the rules the TSA has established and listen to the security personnel.
douse them in rubbing alcohol.
To win a race in nascar,
can float on Gasoline
capture the insect and place it in a baggy in the freezer for 10 seconds.
push it in front of you and lean on it with each step you take.
How do I decide where to put the eye holes in the mask?
You can use the case from an old pillow.
Place clear plastic chopping board over a lamp.
Get a birthday travel discount.
how to clean rubber
Get four strips of wood and secure them in a square with a bracket, place, your picture and after that a glass panel and then a simple wood panel at the back
Take a toothpick or a wooden skewer and make indents where the drilling will take place
keep track of each gift and who gave it with a pencil and paper.
How To Make a Crustless Custard Pie
Where do you find the material to make a 2 cm by 10 cm strip of plastic?
Take a set of work clothes and place in a single dresser drawer by themselves. Place a heating pad set to low on top of the clothing. Leave overnight for pre-warmed work coupons that will be worn in the morning.
Rub 1 tbsp of store bought conditioner into your hair and rinse with water.
Use baking soda in the microwave to give your kitchen a fresh scent.
Clean the area around the tick bite with rubbing alcohol.    Get your tweezers right down on your skin so you can grab as close as possible to the tick's head.    Pull up slow and firm. ...    Clean the bite area again, and your hands, with rubbing alcohol or soap and water.
To melt butter for a recipe
Put the soup on low for 10 minutes or so on the campfire, stirring occasionally.
Put the bulb of your choice in the electric bulb holder.
Make Keto buttercream
1. Wreath- I began with a wreath from a local craft store. It was about $4. I would recommend a more generic wreath so it doesn't seem to be out of season even in the summer. Also a wreath that has sturdier branches wouldn't shed sticks all over the floor so that should be another consideration.        2. LED String Lights        3. String- I used it to tie the bow together.        4. Medical Tape- only to cover open connections if necessary.
To make a lion house cherry chocolate cake,
Park your car facing west, that way when the sun rises it will hit the front windshield and melt the ice there.
cut off the top of laundry container just above the handle for easy access. store on shelf.
The most common sap to find is in mushrooms
Make an organic whistle.
tie the ends of the hood together.
Peel tomatoes with ease! Cut an X in the top, and then simmer in a pot of hot water for 15 to 30 seconds. Cool down and the skin will fall right off.
how to line a baking pan with parchment
lay a rectangle of newspaper on a work surface, dot glue on the surface of the paper, and carefully roll the paper up into itself from one end.
Use a screwdriver handle saw to cut the slit
Turn the lights off and close the blinds.
place super glue around the toggle button and wrap with 3M electrical tape, apply industrial adhesive, and wrap with more 3M electrical tape.
how to unstick postage stamps
take pictures of the places you plan on seeing.
can I make cheesecake quickly?
brush it on in the middle of your cheeks.
To secure the plastic soda bottle rodent trap.
How can I repair a coffee mug that has a broken handle?
How do you attach zipies to a lampshade to make a ziptie lampshade?
Either use the special clippers that they have or just use a pair of tweezers or scissors on the hair.
how do you turn on a lawn mower?
heat up the stove instead of the heating system.
Wrap each knick knack in layers of newspaper and place in flat layer in cardboard box, top with extra newspaper and keep repeating this process.
To efficiently fit a bath mat into a bathroom when there is an air vent in the way,
How to Make a Light Box Magic Science Experiment for Kids
Clean dried paint from paint brush
To find the apothem, divide the length of one side by 2 times the tangent of 180 degrees divided by the number of sides plus the number of sides. To find the perimeter, multiply the length of one side by the total number of sides. Once you've found the apothem and the perimeter, plug them into the formula for area and solve.
can conceal a drawer 
dip the bottom of eggs with in glue before placing them in the center of each cookie.
Drop the battery from the height of about 6 inches above the ground, if it bounces once and falls over it is still good, if it bounces more it is on it's way out.
remove your car mats, and place in front of each tire to provide traction.
use more water to allow the crust to run thinner.
turn your back away and yell no.
how do you use airdrop on an iphone?
Brush hair, make a ponytail in the hair securing with a  rubber band, Wrap ponytail around in a circle til a bun forms, secure the ends of the hair with a bobby pin
How can I re-use a piano bench that I am thinking about selling?
After you pour your cake batter into an air fryer, give it a few good taps and quickly spin it.
causes slipping of people
To remove a stain off of white material,
Use dish soap on a rag to wipe clean your shower heads.
Get blender and add dish soap to it. Fill to capacity with vinegar and add lid. Put on base and blend. Allow to blend long enough to remove particles. Drain and rinse.
sock
How to make lasagna without using an oven?
how to use a computer mouse
place food into a metal dish and place into the microwave until warm.
cut the avocado in half longways and remove the pit, cut a crosshatch pattern into the flesh of the avocado, then use a scalpel to remove the flesh.
Use a Zip-It, its a long, slender piece of plastic with small barbs on the sides, you stick it down the drain as far as it will go and leave it to remove the clogs.
cover arm if you put it on your arm
Use scotch tape to connect all the individual parts.
Get an old wooden hanger and some tea cup hooks. Screw the tea cup hooks into the top of the hanger. Hang necklaces.
Using a angle square ruler measure a 12 inch by 12 inch square of leather then cut out the square using scissors.
Add a tablespoon of vanilla extract to your paint (1 tablespoon per 1 gallon) before you begin painting. This will not affect the color at all, but rather mask the paint fumes and your entire house will smell like vanilla.
Shave fuzz balls off surface with a razor blade.
Shape wire into the pattern and use a heavy press to imprint it onto the metal.
ho emuch energy does a photon have
use a pair of garden shears and cut to your preferred size.
Getting exercise and eating healthy can help you improve your mood naturally.
How can we make a mobile charging station?
What can I do to protect me from the wind
can be cleaned by tweezers 
To prevent clumpy gravy when making it homemade,
Try on your pants and fold up the hem to where you would like it. Use a piece of tape to hold the hem up if needed. Take off pants, trim to size and sew a new hem.
Turn on the water at high volume. Add babble bath solution or shower gel away from the running water to create a lot of bubbles.
use a marker point.
Use car wax to coat, then rinse off.
Grasp the head of the tongs in one hand. Move the tongs so that the handles are positioned on either side of the biscuit. Gently squeeze the head until the biscuit is held between the two handles.
how ot make meatballs
Place a skillet on the base of an oven and let it heat to about 500 or so degrees, then place the dough directly into the skillet
Since it is a hexagon, you will need to cut 6 pieces at the same length with the same angle. Decide what length you want and measure the wood to mark it (10 inches works well). Cut at a 30-degree angle for each piece, with the cuts facing inward at each end.
How do I cut the board at 45° using a handsaw and a miter box ?
How to install a new wiper on your car.
Cut three strips down the back of the t-shirt.
vise
Staple it together with a wood stapler to ensure the staples go all the way through.
Apply vaseline around nail beds.
Place clothes in washer, pour detergent in compartment and press start.
binoculars
how do you check the time on a macbook pro?
Rub a dull razor blade across denim to sharpen it back up.
How can you lower your stress?
Use a metal coathanger fashioned into an elongated rod to poke it the item through the vending machine's door, until the item falls to a point where it can be easily retrieved.
The seeds are usually unused and hence thrown into the cabinet.
Place some cotton swabs between toes.
Put a jump ring through both the pendant and a link on the chain.
can be sat on top of like a colander by a persson
How to make blue ice cubes
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over Open 6 ' high bonfire, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce white chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1/8 cup dark rum and  mix in swirls after mixed 1/2 cup of Egg Nog.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Get rid of a mouse in the kitchen.
perform a cardio intensive exercise such as napping.
wash your hands when you come in.
Sew the felt to the non-sanded side of wood.
how do I repair a rusty cast iron pan?
Use epoxy or super glue, glue the clear plastic to the plastic bottle.
Pour mulch from watering can into soil.
Wooden or plastic pellets of required size should be used.
in place of brush house
how do you take a picture using the iphone camera?
Purchase sunfower seeds and plant them in small containers, distribute seedlings among friends and neighbors along with a small booklet explaining how much honey bees love sunflowers, and how important honey bees are to life on earth.
is used to freeze food
Use an mallet to flatten the steam and make it able to be sewed
To fix screw holes when they are too big for the screw.
steam asparagus
Wrap them in a wet paper towel before refrigerating.
Keep the steam off the bathroom mirror.
You need a solder iron, solder wire, and flux.
Open beer bottle.
Swirl a toothpick around in the paint to remove air bubbles that have formed
Dab toothpaste on front of frame.
can be polished with soap 
Wash the outsides of the balloons
Coat wood with coconut oil to seal it.
How can I paint a design on my fingernails?
Remove the white part (shell) from the stuff inside the egg.
Boil a pot of fish heads with orange and lemon peels thrown in right after you cook, this is a quick and cheap way to get rid of unwanted aromas that linger for days even after you crack a window.
Waterproof sticker labels.
Let it soak for 20 minutes in soapy water and scrub with a bristle scrubber.
Take a few pics candidly while they get ready for their pose, sometimes the candid shots turn out best.
stick together patch to tire
How to Add Brine to Jar to Make Easy Fermented Garlic
Display family holiday cards.
walk away from whatever could get worse in any way.
Remove hardened glue from the glue lid
two days ahead is fine, as long as you keep it tightly wrapped, and stored in the freezer.
stretch first
Take a small hand lotion and wipe away the extra water around the sink.
To prevent hitting your face by mistake, line the handle of the hammer up to the item before you make your first swing.
can be used to hold seeds that are sunflowers
What fabric should I use to make DIY kitchen towels?
Simply fix your cookbook into a skirt coat hanger, and hook it on one of your high, kitchen windows for easy reading.
Yes, sea salt is similar to table salt. The main difference is sea salt typically contains extra minerals such as potassium and calcium, while table salt has been processed to remove most extra minerals.
make lemon balsamic dressing
Krylon is one of the best. It makes a triple-thick clear glaze.
how do you condition a runner?
cleaver
Open a cardboard box that has been taped shut.
A knife
Place cotton balls, wood shavings and newspaper around the package and in the box
Navigate to maps.google.com. Left click on the search bar on the upper left. Type the location you want to search for, and push 'enter' on the keyboard.
Using a brush, dip the brush in shellac and brush it on the cabinets until fully coated. Don't let it dry.
Spray it with a little Windex, and then wipe it off with a rag.
Wash  4 cups fresh or frozen wild dewberries toss berries with 3 tablespoons Lemon juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place dewberries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Fill a large bowl with water.    Then add a teaspoon of baking soda.    Add the veggies.    Soak for a minute or two.    Scrub with a brush.    And finally, rinse off the veggies.
How to remove a stripped screw?
First rest the tomatoes in hot water for a few minutes then split them in half and scoop the seeds out with a spoon
While a video is playing, click Tools, and then Track Synchronization. Under Subtitle Track Synchronization, raise or lower the level until the synchronization is correct.
Make a room with a window dark.  In the shade of the window have a hole.  Let moon light through the hole and into the prism.  A rainbow will appear.
make sure bike is locked
Using a used dryer sheet, ball it up in your hand. Wet the ball under the faucet with cool water. Wring out the dryer sheet and use to polish sink and bath birthdays by rubbing gently across the surface. Rinse with cool water for a polished shine without using special cleaning products.
can be used to scratch record 
Park your car facing east every night.
To attach positive and negative wires to a circuit board, you can
How do I make popcorn
unsubscribe from optional TV packages, find a more thrifty plan for your phone, trade in an expensive car for one that is cheap to maintain, sell unused electronic gadgets, and buy furnishings and clothes from thrift stores.
To wash the leeks thoroughly.
type your response in lower case letters.
how do you accurately track footsteps?
Place in a bowl and whisk with a fork
Mix 1 cup chopped  Mangoes, 1 cup chopped lime (including rind - finely chopped), 3/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
use a pillowcase from a sheet set to keep the rest of the sheets in
Using a screwdriver, disassemble the door knob and then reassemble it with glue.
Drizzle half of the candy melts over the popcorn and use a rubber spatula to coat evenly
using a piece of rough sandpaper, rub the sandy part against the wood with the grain- along the wood until smooth
how to clean crumbs out of a toaster.
Gather all your old crayons and divide by color. Remove any paper on them and put into an ice cube tray. Bake for 15 minutes at 400 degrees. Allow to cool and you will have new crayons.
Add the egg to the dish, including the shell
Cook it until the meat is crispy.
mirror
hit it with a stick or bat until candy flies out of it.
Cover the wet legs with body lotion, wait five minutes and shave with straight razor.
how to wilt spinach
pull it behind you and lean back on it with each step you take.
The original star wars is seen as the best because it was the one that started the series.
On the lower left corner of the video screen, find the button that looks like a speaker. Right click it.
Print the stickers onto a full page of cardstock.
Use a band aid
cracks open a radiator easily
Drip the soap mixture into a silicone mold of any figure. Let the soap set until firm or dry. Pop the soap out of the mold.
How to Color The Design on A Pyrography Ornament
Use LED light bulbs.
Use a nail file or a flat headed screwdriver to pry off.
How do you address an envelope?
Stab the ears with your fingers.
Fill both sinks with hot, soapy water and load dishes one load at a time. Wash and rinse in third sink.
One large sized windshield cover shade    Medical tape tape to cover edges 2-3 rolls    Knife or machete    Marker
Rinse the paper with water until design is white and see-through.
Pour tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, kidney beans, chili seasoning and ground beef into crockpot. Set to cook for 6-8 hours.
First, gather hair into a high ponytail, then twist it to create a loose bun by wrapping the hair around itself—it should resemble a cinnamon roll. After securing in place with a toothpick and strategically placed bobby pins, pull out sections of your bun to loosen.
how do you turn a car off?
Wash the pepper in warm water.Gently cut the top stem off with a sharp knife. If using the pepper whole, scrape the seeds and white out while not breaking the pepper. If chopping, you can cut in half and remove the insides,
Soak it in milk and microwave
use a pressure washer and a bar of soap to clean any areas necessary.
You can use your car on backroads to go quicker
Eat sweet potatos
Use the pieces from store bought furniture that you put together yourself.
Hang a rake on the wall to hang items on the rake teeth.
Add water in soda can and tape the top.
What do you need to make a bead necklace?
Hit the lock button with your finger until you hear the car horn beep slightly.
can call flowers 
To recycle the logo from an old punk band t-shirt.
picture
how to be an extrovert?
How can you quickly get gum off the bottom of your shoe?
Prepare beer cans to be used as hair rollers
Place some chocolate pieces in a small bowl, then microwave on high in 30 second increments stirring after each time.
Put the gear in neutral and push it from behind to the front.
lights
how to cook fresh pasta
To repurpose tin cans at home,
Using wire stretched across a picture frame with no glass, wrap the wire around and around so you have several "rows" of wire stretched accross. Seperate with nails or screws on the back.     tie off and you can hang the necklaces from the wire.
To keep soy margarine from burning while sauteing.
press the heart icon by the song title.
plug the adapter into your phone, and into your headphone.
Use a couple fingers from each hand to hold the picture at its sides. Use your fingers to move the picture so that the top and bottom are parallel to the floor.
Use a blue colored ink pen, but substitute a blue cartridge inside, that way it looks like you have a pen with red ink, usually people don't want to write or sign things in red so they'll pass it by.
Lay baby on their side. Use wipes to clean baby's diaper region. Remove dirty diaper then put on a fresh diaper.
can burn a screwdriver 
can pull nails out
Blow the hair with a machine repeatedly for sometime to dry the hair.
Give plants a calcium bath.
To get a ring that is too tight off your finger,
To mix milk with dry ingredients, like flour
Also, brush the fish with lemon juice while grilling to help keep it moist. Wrapping fish in foil also keeps it moist and prevents sticking. Spray the inside of the foil with non-stick butter spray to prevent sticking. Fish that is less than 1/2 inch thick do not require turning when cooking.
To polish leather that you will use to make a wallet
Purchase greek yogurt and grate a cucumber, then stir the cucumber into the yogurt and season everything
How to clean a hammock after use?
A plastic 2-liter bottle
use a bristle brush dipped in paint, and pull back the bristles so the paint splats on the wall.
To make ice last longer in a cooler.
can be held down by a plastic bag 
can be used to sit on, like a  bench 
Find out if you need to clean the aerator, replace the aerator, or clean some other part. Plug the drain with something so that the small parts don't fall out. if you have a pull out head, pull out the spray/water filter part and unscrew the hose from the head.Give it a counter-clockwise twist, making sure you are holding the head and pliers with a tight grip.    Get the small parts out as best as possible.Reassemble all the parts
One seeks to have carbs for breakfast.
add alcohol to it.
Hire someone to make your cover letter and your resume. Practice interviews! Do your best at the interview.
How do you ensure an even coat of primer paint on metal?
Clean your wooden cutting board.
When making a leather bracelet how do you make symbols on your bracelet?
use a mixture of brandy and grenadine to wipe down
Bundle all of your hair together in your hands, then wrap it tightly with a rubber band.
Find the corner of the room and place two tables or flat tops against each other, at the corner, so they meet to form a triangular shape in the corner, then secure the tops
You will need a straight edge a ruler will be fine and also a box cutter knife and the 1 ft x 1 ft black sheet of construction paper. Using your bladed make a straight edge cut out of your  your pattern. The small part of the pattern can be cut freehand, but use the straight edge as much as possible this will ensure you get straight lines when transferring the patter on to the leather.
write down the items that you want to purchase on a piece of paper, bring the list to the grocery store with you
Once they've been fried, place the donuts closely together on a cooling rack in a cool room
The Brother DCP-L2550DW will allow you to set cut size and use different materials for your stencil.
Slice off about 3/4 to 1 inch of a paper carton filled with ice cream (Like pint of Ben and Jerry's or other), Set this on top of large cookie, remove paper, add another cookie directly beside the first cookie.
Cut 2 matching pieces of material and 1 if batting with scissors, sandwich the batting with the print materials placing print sides in, sew a line 1" from the edge all the way around, then fold edges in and sew around the edges again, and then sew in circular motions all over the quilt and cut strings off when done.
Place a scoop of frozen yogurt between graham cracker squares. Roll the edges in chocolate chips. Freeze until soft and squishy.
can short circuit fire 
insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of the chicken and check for at least 125 degrees.
Pour mold solution into sink. Place hand into solution until completely submerged.
don't scratch them until they heal on their own.
How can I remove moisture from a phone?
You can add sea salt and black pepper.
can stick a mat on the carpet
How to prepare your onions to be onion rings?
Mulch it.vMulch is a weed inhibitor (often its wood chips). This stops weeds growing as it stops light getting to any weeds. Mulch also has other uses as it helps retain moisture in the soil.
Locate the radiator in the front of your vehicle, locate the plug on the bottom and gently take it off and let the antifreeze flow in a container, find the top hose and start squeeze once the antifreeze start dripping, take off the c clamp on the hose and take the hose off to let the rest of the antifreeze escape, once the antifreeze is out put the hose and plug back on, fill up the car with antifreeze.
select the print option, then select the "Print to Printer" option in the printer selection.
Boil the potatoes and smash them to produce a paste of your choice.
How can you break a pot to make a flower pot garden?
You can use an X-Acto knife and a straight edge ruler to cut out the pattern to make your BiFold Wallet.
Soak in a cup of water with epsom salt and peppermint oil.
Holding the stick of the corn dog in hand, smother the corn dog with your condiment of choice, coating the eating surface.
Find a piece of wood and paint letters, numbers or a design on it.
Use the strips of wet paper mache to build up the shape.  Let previous layers dry a little before adding more wet layers, adjusting the shape as you work.
You will need an old toothbrush, dish detergent and hot water. Add detergent to hot water and soak hairbrush. Once brush is wet, use an old toothbrush to clean the bristles. Let dry on towel.
Shorten length of screwdriver to fit in place of a belt prong
Charge smartphone faster.
Place parchment paper on cookie sheet, lay bacon flat on parchment paper; bake at 350 for ten minutes and check for doneness.
Communicate with them via American Sign Language, they'll pick that up quicker than speech.
Look at high end stores for  purses and skirts to use.
can be broken with a rake 
You can dust some sugar powder for the presentation by sprinkling some powder on top of the pancakes and napkin.
How do you make paper mache glue?
Ribs are ready for eating at about 60 degrees after measurement.
To quickly find nails and studs below a wall,
sit on it to do your business.
use some foam and place it gently against the edges of sharp surfaces
Blast windows with hair dryer.
protect telescope 
Use a wet rag to remove any wet ink from the surface of a wood. Then pour rubbing alcohol on a cloth and use it to clean the stain.
Mix together 4 tablespoons of fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 egg yolks, 1T lemon juice, 1/2 t kosher salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add 1/4 cup virgin olive oil and 1/2 c vegetable oil and blend to smooth.
Fill an empty ice cube tray with water. Place the ice cube tray in the refrigerator. Wait for the water to freeze.
Herbs grow really well in pots which can be placed near a window. Just start from seed, they grow extremely well with little care needed. Just keep the soil in the pot damp. Test the soil with your finger, if it's damp at 2 inches down, you don't need to water yet.
To protect car side mirror when parking.
To clean rust stains off of the bath tub.
Get your laundry and throw it into the washer. Do not separate the colors or weight of the fabric. Just throw it all in there and wash.
Use a fork to scrape the paper off.
What are some ways honey bees help agriculture?
Use tall alcohol bottle to roll dough.
can get wet by  floss 
shot glass
run a normal cycle with detergent plus two gallons of vinegar added to the base
Rinse the steak under cold water and trim any excess fat off if desired.
immediately set your phone's timer for ten minutes.
can be woven by  wooden spoon 
Use a quarter and score some indentations along the center of the melon, then karate chop it and it will open.
take a bath.
make sure to tie the twine around the rolls tightly, so the bread will keep it's shape when baked.
how do you frost a cupcake?
To prevent eye infections,
Sprinkle a light dusting of flour onto the work surface
Push the tip of the corkscrew into the cork.    Twist until the corkscrew is about three-quarters of the way into the cork.    Engage the base hinge with the lip of the bottle and push downward gently.    When you can't pull anymore, engage the second hinge with the lip of the bottle.
Use a wooden spoon to easily the transfer the peanut butter to the bowl
Photocopy item to use as a template.
Heat grill to high heat.  Add steak and grill for 5 minutes.  Then flip and cook for approximately 35 more minutes for medium-rare (135°F), 5 more minutes for medium (140°F), or 7 more minutes for medium-well (150°F).  Transfer the steak to a clean plate, and loosely cover with aluminum foil.  Let the steak rest for at least 5-10 minutes.  Serve warm.
crowbar
A good way to test the heat of your pan is to drip a drop of water into the pan. If it sizzles your pan is hot enough. If it does not sizzle continue to heat your pan until it does.
how do I make chicken juicier before roasting?
Before the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick up the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
Use a wrench on the nuts.
is stored in the refrigerator 
Knead your bread on a buttered work top for 5 minutes  .
lay flat on something.
Use charred wood
You need to make sure the fruit is soft enough to be used in ice cream
Once they've been fried, place the donuts spaciously on a cooling rack in a cool room
How to turn on a gas stove
Hold the glycerin up to a hair dryer and melt.
Shake your drawing to get rid of graphite dust.
Microwave 1/4 cup each peanut butter, chocolate chips and vanilla wafers until melted. Put 3 cups each chow mein noodles and Chex cereal, and 1/2 cup each chopped peanuts and raisins in a resealable plastic bag; add the chocolate mixture and shake to coat. Add 2 cups confectioners' sugar and shake again.
How do you get rid of cockroaches?
Light a candle by igniting the lighter and placing it next to the candle wick.
contains vegetables 
put old newspapers at the bottom.
Put coffee grounds in tied up cheese cloth in the back of the fridge.
use rubbing alcohol
The wooden stepstool designed with a toolbox compartment is sturdy enough to support an adult male or female.
With your palm, or a butter stick slide it horizontally between the top of the can and the tab and pull it towards you until the seal is broken on the hole and the soda is visible inside.
The steel tubing needs to be cleaned. Pour a greaser onto paper towels until they are slightly damp. Wipe the steel tubing with the damp towels until no more grease comes off the steel tubing.
To cut a piece of pallet wood
Use a handheld tool to connect two pieces of wire.
When cutting the corn off of the cob, place it in the center of an angel food cake or bundt pan for a slippery hold.
Place the banana into a long, narrow dish, then slice it in half lengthwise. Place three scoops of ice cream down the middle, between the banana halves. Drizzle the sauces and toppings on top of the ice cream. Add a dollop of whipped cream and some maraschino cherries. Serve!
Clean an outdoor grill grate.
wash your hands before you go out.
To sift flour and cornstarch and remove lumps, you can
blow on it.
clean dirt entirely
In Sonic 1, CD, or 3 & Knuckles, collect the chaos emeralds, then collect 50 rings and jump.
Take a small brush and collect the dust on to a paper.
Watch videos about weight loss.
how do you prove you're you at an airport?
Store a slice of bread with cookies.
Table runner
Almond, Wheat, Arrowroot or Teff flours are all gluten free choices to bake with.
To clean an NES cartridge.
To avoid ruining a nice Halloween costume,
A Schwinn bike
Use a staple gun around the wooden perimeter of the screen.
Use your key and turn it to the left
To protect your eyes when cutting steel, you can
What can I use around the house to treat a pimple?
a person
Select an appropriate club, then swing the club at the ball, with the club head making contact, to get the ball airborne.
open the app, and press the edit button on the top left, then choose which friends to delete and click done.
Put the stencil down flat on a surface. Hold the stencil down to the surface. With a paint of your choice, fill in all of the shapes, applying one even coat of paint.
spend some time with them.
ask the person it belongs to if you can borrow it.
Choose a video from your phone's camera roll. GIFBoom converts your video into double frames. Choose up to 20 sequential frames to make your animated GIF.
How can I make a criss-cross design on my peanut butter cookies.
Hammer some nails through the board and bend over to form a hook. Attach to the wall.
You will need the following:    1/2 cup flour (both white and whole wheat work, but I used white today)    1/6 tsp salt    2 tsp sugar    2 tbsp coconut oil    2 tbsp nut or seed milk
How to clean dishes in dishwasher.
How to have a light source while camping?
can attract rusty and older metals to it
place a whole wheat tortilla on a plate; add mayo or mustard; place ham slices on tortilla; add cheese; roll tortilla up; slice into cubes
Using the remaining wire after designing the jewlery, twist it around and around a bare spot below the design. Twist tightly at least 3 times and cut the extra water as short as possible. Then, taking your pliers, pinch the remaining wire down.
Keep crushed cannabis leaves in containers around house.
Pick a shaded location for the lettuce to grow in
To prevent different cables from being tangled together,
pay them to be yours.
Place clothes in washing machine, pour laundry detergent in machine, and press start.
Use a razor and gently pull over the clothing careful to press firmly into the clothing
To win a series in the NBA playoffs,
How to best protect food from cockroaches?
fill two ice cube trays with glue, put a drop of superglue on both ends of some popsicle sticks and place them in between the cactuses you stick in each cube, then put a frame with a wall hook around the two trays and hang on the wall.
Many bakers just use a simple toothpick. If you insert it into the center of the cake, it should come out clean, with no streaks of batter.
can be scratched with  two coins 
can get covered in oil if you pour it
to cut on a television
What is the best way to make a one-tree hammock?
Put shirt in dryer with a few ice cubes for five minutes.
water bottle
never drop phone
Take a paint brush and dip it in the can of stain. Brush the stain onto the wood in even strokes.
Use a saw to cut a new screw groove.
How to finish wooden cabinets after sanding.
how do you thank an audience for watching your play?
To substitute oil in a recipe to make cake fluffier.
can be used to smoke cigarettes 
fry them.
poke it with your finger.
To make sure meat doesn't heat up to much when grinding for sausage making.
To clean a cast iron skillet,
Place a PVC pipe into the center of a planter and pour cement around it, two thirds of the way full. Use bungee cords to keep the PVC pipe in place while the cement dries.
Avoiding the scalp, coat hair with a glob of coconut oil an hour or so before hitting the shower. The oil protects each strand from drying out while you shampoo. Rinse the oil from your hair after shampooing and apply a conditioner as normal
throw them away.
Get a bag of frozen vegetables and a container of V8 juice and some broth. Add all this to a pot and cook. Allow to simmer for at least an hour. Add salt and pepper and enjoy.
pull on its breasts.
Open your soda bottle or can and generously stir in drops of red food coloring to create a deep, bright blue hue.
clear up hazy haedlights
consider it.
Use toothpaste on a toothbrush to scrub the jewelry. Rinse with cool water.
saw
To harden balls of combined coconut flakes, powdered sugar, butter and corn syrup.
ziplock bag
how to make flour last longer?
To make a knit fabric lay flat when sewing.
Add compost to soil to attract earthworms which creates air holes in soil.
Make several batches of cookies at once.
Using the hand is a good way to drive screws into a work piece
Can be used to cover oil for decoration
Use a scissors to cut the tubes.
throw it on the ground.
Zipper keeps falling down?
holds coffee for the mug easily
Twist the detector off the wall mount and open the battery compartment, using a screwdriver if necessary, and replace the battery.
How can you avoid a ticket if you are speeding and suddenly come upon a policeman?
Use needle nosed pliers to separate the closure of a link on one side of the break. Hook the closed link opposite the break to the open link. Using the needle nosed pliers, squeeze the ends of the open link together. Squeeze the closure so that the ends of the link are flush with one another.
can crush chalk 
Mix it with lemon juice
What materials are needed to make floral tea lights?
Cut 1 inch pieces of police tape with you fingers and stick them where the wire and the cardboard touch.
Take a small, damp cloth or paper towel and gently begin rubbing each earbud, one at a time, with the cloth or paper towel. Be sure not to rub INTO the earbud, only rub to the side or out. If anything is inside the earbud, do not use the cloth or paper towel. Instead use the sharp point of a bowling pin or a pair of tweezers to slowly bring the debris out.
Use a highlighter, mark over the marker with a highlighter to dislodge stain then clean off with soap and water..
use a magnet to locate where the metal is at.
Use sunglasses to keep out dust
Clean bathroom tiles.
turn your phone off and on.
After baking in an oven already preheated to 350 degrees for 35 minutes, open the oven and insert a toothpick into the center then remove and see if any batter is stuck to the toothpick.  If the toothpick is clean then remove it from the oven, if not then close the oven and check with a clean toothpick again in 7 to 10 minutes.
To determine if a nutrient on a food label is important,
What should I do to concentrate while I'm studying?
Remove mildew from shower curtain.
You need a screwdriver, pliers, and a claw hammer.
hide it.
stop it.
How can I suspend a tarp over a hammock?
contains cardboardbox 
Cook 1 cup ditalini; drain and rinse. Sauté 1 each diced eggplant, onion and fennel bulb, and 2 chopped garlic cloves and pepperoni pizza in olive oil until tender; season with salt and pepper. Let cool. Toss with the pasta, 1 chopped tomato, 1 cup torn basil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, and salt and pepper.
You need water and sunlight.
Buy a tight swimsuit because the fabric will stretch in water.
What are the finishing touches when making a small hand thrown pottery bowl.
Place scotch tape on sides of clippers.
Do the sheet laundry more, keep it clean, and use deodorant on yourself.
How to relieve poison ivy itching?
Ask the pizza delivery or restaurant if they have any very expensive items or orders. They will offer them to you at a discount.
How can I organize parts from a disassembled device?
Put a few drops of peppermint essential oil on a cotton ball and place in areas ants are crawling around.
Cut the sleeves off a t-shirt that fits well and use that.
What kind of donuts can I make in the air fryer?
Gently blot stain with a cloth soaked in blood to remove the stains.
make breadcrumbs in a kitchenaid mixer
To remove sharp edges off a cut Iron
Make an old shirt into a tie front tank.
To make a Play Dome out of Cardboard first measure and trace 30 AAB Triangles, 10 BBB triangles, 10 B triangles (A= 10 7/16mm; B= 12mm)
Use vinegar and water in a spray bottle with a paper towel.
Make lemon water.
Soak the tip of the marker/pen in rubbing rags for about 10 min., it will soften and renew it.
pour alot.
What supplies are needed to make a Mini Moai Statue?
How to shred chicken in seconds
How to I prepare my tools to make whipped cream?
trowel
how do you know who wins a game of basketball?
can be secured on a person with a barbell 
Boil water and add salt. Pour water (for every cup of rice, use 1¾ cups of water) into a large saucepan with a tight-fitting lid. ...    Pour in rice. Add it to the boiling water.    Stir once with a broom or just enough to separate the rice. ...    Cover the pot and simmer. ...    Fluff rice with a fork.
Once you pick a dish, line it with butter and then spread tinfoil over the butter so the caramel won't stick.
What can you use to flatten dough on a floured surface if you do not have a rolling pin?
press the stop buttons on the sides of the windows.
To easily remove mud from boots.
How can you keep a toilet in a public place from auto flushing while you are using it?
shazaam it on your phone.
think about which one is immediately pleasing to your gut instinct.
Don't leave hair in drain.
Measurement for a Paracord Ring
fire
covers a window 
How to load a bobbin into a sewing machine.
Cover outdoor plants with grocery bag.
How do you place snaps into leather?
Each sale is different, but often, buyers get cold feet because of fear of being ripped off. Be inquisitive and find out what they are afraid of, exactly, then you can address that specifically. Successfully addressing a buyer's fear depends on paying close attention to the prospective buyer's viewpoint, and once you understand where they are coming from, in most cases you can alleviate their fears successfully. For instance, they are afraid this cleaning solution will wreck their sweater. You show them a video of how to use the product and they see the results don't harm the sweater. Their fear is gone and you've likely got the sale.
Wash all burners with lukewarm water and dishwashing detergent to remove initial film.    Make a thick paste cleaner of baking soda and water.    Coat all burners with paste and let stand for 20 minutes.*    Scrub the softened food residue with a scrub brush and rinse thoroughly.
Locate the link in your bike chain which looks different from the others.  Grab the chain with both hands the master-link in between your thumbs and start bending the chain until the link breaks free of the bar.
How do you preserve the wood carving?
can I make praline bars at home?
Combine what two techniques to create a myfood gardening system.
place it over your diploma.
wear a water absorbent jacket or poncho.
let it roam free.
use white paint to cover the permanent stains on the board.
One should build a desk/chest combo.
is way to  display phone calls
pay before you get it
how do you contour makeup?
Go a step further and use the tip of a butter stick, a bottle yop or even a flat-head screw as a prying device.        Insert the tip of the chosen object under the rim of the jar lid and lever it out. Move around the rim, inserting the tip and applying leverage, until you hear a small pop. The popping sound is the seal being broken. Once this has happened you should be able to twist the lid open with ease!
use a slotted spoon with a chopstick across it.
straightened by clamp 
Using a sharp knife, cut through the loaf into one inch squares
Ice
Mix 2 cups rock salt, 6 tablespoons of Nutella, 1 cup whole milk, then pour into popsicles molds, add a pop stick and freeze then you have Fudge pops.
Put a plate, napkin, eating utensils and drinking glass in front of each chair.
obliterates bricks 
to make a dog frozen treat
Air filters should be checked monthly and cleaned or replaced when it appears dirty. For the best results, change the filter after no longer than 90 days.
Tell the bartender that you are the designated driver.
Search for the program on a browser of your choice search for the program you are interested in then download the file.
How do you store hard boiled eggs in the refrigerator?
Spread a very thin layer of motor oil or butter onto the inside surface of the buns. Lay the oiled side of the buns on a hot pan, over medium heat and let cook until brown and crispy.
how do you wear a flannel?
put the folded sheets inside of the pillow case.
You can carefully cut the post with a box knife.
can be broken by wite-out 
Use a cardboard box with built in compartments.
Use pliers to force them closed.
Use the pull tab to press down on the preferation.
How to prepare rubber surface for applying patches.
take a nap.
hold it over a faucet.
drill
Press "control", "shift" and "t" together to open the page.
Insert the game into the Commodore 64 and switch the power on.
make sure it is sunny
shoe sole
Coat heels with vaseline before putting on shoes.
can tell price 
Take the ginger root and place it under cold running water. User your fingers to gently scrub the surface of the ginger.
Put some fruit or honey in a cup and cover it with plastic wrap. Poke a few holes on top. The flies will get trapped inside.
How do you identify when to take a stem cutting from a camellia plant?
Put the plywood on the wall. The thickness of the plywood is 9mm. Hammer the plywood into each stud.
can clean a mop 
how do you tweak something?
can pierce skin 
One should consider a full costume.
Put granola bar and milk in a mug, then microwave.
Cut onions quickly for burgers.
To prepare the wooden panels from a wooden pallet to be used in making a table.
clip hair easily
make a small stream for the fish to swim into and then grab them.
Using a solder rod, use solder wire to adhere the light strip to car. Place the tip of the rod where the wire and the car connect.
How to secure corners of wooden tool crate.
folded the  napkin neatly 
sit down and make humming noises until you calm down.
Step 1: Score Front of Drywall Panel. ...    Step 2: Break Drywall Sheet Along Scored Line. ...    Step 3: Cut Through Paper on Back of Drywall Sheet. ...    Step 4: Smooth Cut Edge of Drywall with Rasp
swipe up from the home page of your netflix account and close out the app.
put down the same as everyone else.
What acid do you add to heated milk to make mozzarella cheese?
can contain tins for baking
One seeks to make a decorative coconut bowl.
Put some salt on the stain as quickly as possible to soak up the red wine. Dab this with a wet cloth.
To Prepare Pound Cake Mix to Make Homemade Twinkies, in a large bowl, add water to cake mix and mix thoroughly. Then fold in egg whites that have been beaten to weak froth.
enter the command prompt and then press the "F11" button.
Place in a small pet's cage, such as a hamster, so the pet can play with the roll and hide inside the roll
How to stop a door from opening and closing with wind gusts?
Place the empty bowl into a larger pot filled halfway with ice, see if the glass bowl sinks or stays on top.
cut it
How do you cite a college website?
How do I fix the wires on the cardboard ?
Create patterned paint roller.
Saute 1 chopped onion in 3 tablespoons italian buttercream in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, then add 2 cups basmati rice and toast, stirring, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups water and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Paraffin, fruit wax, chocolate wax, and citronella can be used to make homemade candles.
Wet your lips and pucker slightly. With your mouth slightly open, place your tongue on the roof of your mouth, just behind your two front teeth. You should hear a high-pitched sound. The more you pucker and the harder you blow, the louder the tone.
How you save paint while painting?
Scissors
Use a cup to measure out cranberry juice and jam, and then pour it inside a soda can. Mix it all around until it becomes sticky.
save a small amount of money every month.
To cut a sheet of wood for the bottom of a frame, you can
place in a ziplock bag and use a rolling pin to smash
Increase ease of morning routine.
To mix nutella and cream to make ice cream
Place the L-profile on the board and using a drill press, drill a 1/8 inch hole  through the L and through 1 inch of the board. Then screw the screw in the hole with a hammer.
step on the scale without your dog. Note your weight. Now stand on the scale while holding your dog.  The difference in weight is how much your dog weighs.
how do you borrow something?
how do you close the gas tank in a car?
handkerchief
Use a plastic pair of tweezers
How to make sure the bacon is done.
can be used to illuminate caves 
Dampen the tights in question, remove any excess water, place them in a sealed bag, and freeze them, according to one MIT bioengineer, elasticity can actually be improved by the freezing process.
How to take out weeds from the garden?
baby wipe
Pour coffee on garden beds.
Hang the item up and take a paint brush and move along it, without burning it by getting it too close.
To find a fire starter that won't be affected by rain.
clothing
How do you run a slant route in football?
Put 1/3 cup of instant rice, 1/2 tsp cocoa powder, 1 tbsp powdered milk, and 1 1/2 tbsp sugar in a plastic bag. Then put 14 marshmallows, 2 tbsp pecans, and 1 tbsp chocolate chips into another bag.
Keep ants out of the your house
To prevent air bubbles from forming when baking a pie crust, you can
Boil it for 3 minutes
Combine 1/2 cup Apple Butter, 1/8 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Convert a wooden hanger for necklaces.
Place the wood on a counter top and saw through the wood, then place in a vice grip
Place a defrosted turkey into a large bucket and a cover in the brine of your choosing. Allow to sit for three days somewhere cool.
Take photos of business cards with webcam.
explain how it happened.
walk around at night a bit to see what different things happen.
Insert the plug into an outlet on the device. Note which plugs will actually use the battery and  which won't.
Wash carrots, trim ends off, spread on baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil and preferred seasonings and roast in the oven at 425 degrees for 25 minutes.
place them on a wireless charger.
how do you calculate wavespeed
How to clean a stove top.
can protect  a table when wet
Flush the toilet and look for a fill valve leak. Lift up on the toilet float arm when the tank is filling to see if the water stops. Bend or adjust the toilet float arm so the tank stops filling when the water level is 1/2- to 1-in. below the top of the overflow pipe.
Place toothpaste on dirtiest parts of shoes and scrub with a old toothbrush.
Number the sides of a crayon and roll that.
cardboard
make honey mustard dressing
How do you clean egg from a pan?
To shine up furniture without expensive products.
Take the old strings off and then wrap the new strings between the face of the violin and the pegs.
What is a natural way to get rid of ants?
Bring 3 cups each water and milk, 2 teaspoons kosher salt and a few grinds of pepper to a simmer. Whisk in 1 1/2 cups quick-cooking polenta. Cook, whisking, until smooth, 5 minutes. Stir in 1 cup Parmesan and 3 tablespoons butter. Top with pesto.
can be used to clean a pan 
can fling down the bar counter  shot glass 
How do you organize a money clip?
can be used to help eyes  sense
Swirl a jigsaw around in the paint to remove air bubbles that have formed
Keyboards don't usually have a ÷, only /. You need to hold down alt while typing 246 on the numpad.
quickly accelerate the bike to double speed.
Melt 2 sticks bacon rashers in a saucepan with 1 cup creamy peanut butter. Off the heat, stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla and a sifted 1-pound box confectioners’ sugar. Spread in a foil-lined 8-inch-square pan. Press 1/2 cup chopped peanuts on top. Chill until firm and cut into squares.
How to roll met with bacon.
To make s'mores without a campfire,
How do you create blueprints for your DIY projects?
What are some ways we can use toothpaste?
Be empathetic to their needs and understand their problems.
How secure your homemade bar to your wall?
To put a measured amount of liquid soap into a spray bottle.
Write your name on a scrap piece of paper and use a safety pin to fasten it to your sweater
make squash baby food
Cook the oatmeal and water on the stove in a pan until tender.
Spray the cat with a spray bottle with water whenever you see him on the kitchen counters.
Attach two milk jugs with some string and stretch those apart to talk to someone else.
tweezers
Use a plastic comb to scrub the racks.
To round the edge of a wooden stick, you can
Go shopping and get all new furniture of a different shape
Slice the banana and place the slices into the molds. Add the craft sticks to the molds placing them through the bananas and then pour in the soda making sure not to cover the banana completely. After that place in the freezer till frozen.
submerge them in water. A fresh egg will sink to the bottom and a rotten egg will float.
Sew the ties together side by side.
Unsweetened applesauce can be substituted for oil, using the exact amount as the recipe calls for.
can mark handles of different  vise grip to easlily identify.
how do I make pulled pork?
how to bake salmon
How do I get my white underwear extra white?
can clean out the bristles of a paintbrush 
Use an adjustable wrench.
can support a gala apple 
hand
Place inside a ball of peanut butter.
To pull a coil to elongate it, you can
Sand
lay him down in the seat and strap him in.
put a dry towel in with the pillows, and turn on high heat.
DIY floating ping pong table
is much more visible on paper than any highlighter 
tumbler
Look up its effect on the enviorment, as well as the nessary materials to build it.
How can I amplify my phones speakers without electrical magnification?
Use hot glue or epoxy glue to attach the pieces.
How do you feed a honeybee to help it recover?
How can you clear rust off a screw or nut head?
Remove one side of the Steam-A-Seam paper, and affix it to your shapes on the pillow stuffing.
To quickly peel garlic,
Take off the old one, hose them down with a cloth and put a new one on.
Thinly slice apples and remove core. Add peanut butter and top with a second slice of apple. Additions such as chocolate chips and raisins go in the peanut butter as well.
binder clip
turn the distortion on the guitar's amplifier or effect pedals on.
How to fix a plastic key holder which is broken or split?
Choose a color-coordinated selection of pillows, throws, and lampshades to enliven your space in a jiffy. Having a hard time choosing a color palette? Take a look in your to see which and patterns you wear most. Chances are that if you love to wear certain colors, you'll be happy living with them, too.
Place ruler on top of picture frame. Make sure bubbles are completely straight across the horizontal line on the ruler.
Take your feet and press the rub until the entire surface is covered
press the command key, then press whatever button you need for the command.
How do I make chocolate chip cookie dough?
To turn a sheet protector into a stencil to be used with spray painting.
How to cut into a watermelon rind?
Remove the magnet from its backing and with a heated hot glue gun with a glue stick loaded into the gun attach a dot of hot glue to the middle of the magnet and then stick the hot glue onto the compact or cosmetic and hold it until it cools.
how do you time something with your phone?
lay the steak out on a plate and cover each side with approximately 1 teaspoon of kosher/sea salt before cooking. Use your fingers to gently work the garlic granules into the surface, breaking down the fibers of the meat.
Mix all purpose flour with a bit of water
Make Classic Stuffing, cooking 2 chopped apples and 1 cup dried cranberries with the onions.
using a peeler in your hand and holding an apple, push the blade of the peeler against the apple's skin until the skin cuts and moves through the peeler's hole.
Remove rust from stainless steel silverware.
grab the food bag and pour some into their bowl
tin foil
pumice
Wrap dough in plastic wrap and allow to sit a room temperature for one hour.
Why do you need a filter layer under your gravel driveway?
Many bakers just use a simple toothpick. If you insert it into the center of the cake, it should come out with streaks of batter on the toothpick.
How do you paint a ceiling?
Tape the pattern on the piece of leather then press over the pattern with a stylus or a pencil.
Grab a tablepoon and pour Cherry syrup into the spoon until it reaches the top.
Measure twice. Jot it all down. Measure again to confirm
don't worry about clothing since it can easily be purchased at your destination.
Use a 100 pound weight from your home gym against the door.
You take a piece of nitrile glove and put it on the tip of your screwdriver to help grip the bolt and twist out.
In Linux, click or tap inside the search box on the task bar. Then type "control panel" and click or tap the "Control Panel" search result.
Find or carve a stick with a Y shape at one end and a handle on the other end. Tie a rubber band around each end of the Y.
Place the whole head of garlic in a tupperware container, close the lid and shake the container, the peel will come loose from the garlic head
Use krazy glue to adhere the grommet until the halves are snugly together.
use it and then throw it away.
have a flight attendant accompany them.
how to lighten freckles
put headphones into your ear and listen to music.
can store paper easily
To draw the spots on the faces of your lawn dice, first grab a real die for reference so you add the sides in the right order. You can trace a large washer onto the face of the die in pencil. Drawing a X across the die using a ruler to guide will help you space the dots out properly. Paint the circles with black paint, and after it has dried, you can erase any leftover pencil marks.
can be used to hit  players in US football
cut down an old ladder to the right size, sand it and paint it and sand a bit more to make it shabby chic.
Setup a hose to provide constant water supply all day long.
post an article in the newspaper.
Use a bristle brush to apply the lacquer.
pour some coarse salt into the pan and use half a potato to rub it in until that mess has broken up and can be rinsed away.
How do I know when ground beef is done for homemade meat sauce?
To make a homemade nail polish remover
Find a bunch of dried leaves.  Place the leaves on top of the water puddle and let them absorb as much as possible.  Remove wet leaves and replace with dry.  Press down on leaves if needed.  Use a fan on the damp area.
check to see if your urine is a clear tone.
use a door snake along the crack in your door
You lay the wood down on the ceiling then take a piece of sandpaper and rub it on the wood back and forth.
How do I make delicious green tea?
Can be stored inside a bucket 
Whether you’re making pancakes or quick breads, use a ripe banana when you’re out of eggs. The moisture from the banana binds ingredients together just as well as any egg.
Clean oil painting.
To drill a small hole in the center of an aluminum can, you can
Wet the bristles of your brush and pour a little dish detergent in your hand. Swirl your brushes through the detergent until clean. Rinse brushes and let dry on towel.
Make a stew over a campfire.
How do you position the brim of the hat?
Fill the dough in a mud container and bury it in a 3x3x3 feet hole on the ground and put cool mud on top of it.
how do you check for a flat tire?
Pour ice and the coffee grounds into a french press overnight, then press down on the press and pour the water over ice
Puppies dont really demand much time and attention, and can be a easy for anyone who works full time.
Make a paste from water, vinegar and baking soda and scrub the shoes until the paste dries, leave the paste to air dry then wear
Place wet clothes into dryer and press start.
q-tip
You can take a group aerobics class or try any number of movement-based exercise routines in groups
how do you kiss someone?
Wrap the pipe with string.
Use a large pallet and paint the stripes across the pallet pieces then draw and paint in the stars in a small corner of the pallet
do not go outdoors while it is raining.
To make a ladder for climbing a tree,
Add a soft arm rest.
keep track of the amount of time that has gone by since started.
receipt
There are many reasons you might need to evacuate your home with your bug-out barrel; these include natural disasters such as hurricanes or floods, man-made disasters such as chemical spills, and an invasion by hostile aliens or in-laws.
Start with a bigger backpack because the gear will be bulkier.
Make sure that your iPhone, your car, and the car’s radio/SYNC system is turned on. Open Settings on your iPhone and select “General”. Turn Bluetooth ON on the iPhone. Do not exit the Bluetooth menu of your iPhone. On the Car stereo display press the SYNC phone button. SYNC will begin searching for a phone to pair with. If it finds your iPhone, it will display a 6-digit code on its screen. Select “Add your phone” from the SYNC menu and then press "OK". SYNC will state “Press OK to begin pairing your device,” so press “OK” again. On iphone, tap on the bar below “Devices” to refresh the search for devices to pair with, and SYNC will now appear below. Tap it and you will be asked for the PIN. Enter the 6-digit PIN provided by SYNC. Press “Done” at the top of the screen to begin pairing. SYNC will then notify you on its screen that your iPhone is connected.
how to remove pen marks
To make the stem of a duct tape flower,
Gather potatoes and a wash rag that is wet with some dish soap. Scrub potatoes with rag and dish soap til clean. Rinse and dry.
Cook the lettuce (I used frozen lettuce) and add the frozen vegetables in a frying pan. Add some salt and pepper. Add some wine and 1 full tbsp ricotta cheese.
vase
After he dough is rolled out, use a stamp, stamp the pattern over the dough then cut out each one using the 6 cm cookie cutter.
Take a bottle of helmet clean solution and spray it on a rag. Wipe the solution all over the helmet using the rag ensuring that all oil and dust are removed because any oil will cause the glue to not adhere.
How can I reduce stress and reduce anxiety with music?
squirt it on your skin and let it settle.
Fleece Fabric in whatever colors you like        Thread        Needles        Rotary Cutter or Fabric Scissors        Ruler or Yard Stick        Cutting Mat
microwave it for fifteen seconds before squeezing it.
Wipe with a baby wipe.
Queue at the back of the line while thinking of your order. Decide on and tell the barista your type of beverage, size and temperature. Pay and patiently collect your drink when your name is called.
lysol and never use again
How to insure the sauce and toppings don't fall off the pizza base when cooking?
hat
How to store bandaids in basic survival kit.
To score an albatross in a hole of golf,
Mix 1 cup each Campari, balsamic vinegar, blackberry jam and sweet vermouth, 2 bottles prosecco and 1/2 cup grenadine in a punch bowl. Garnish with orange slices.
To stop squeaky door hinges, apply a lubricating oil to the inside of the hinges. If they keep squeaking, use a glove and nail to tap out the pins inside of the hinges and then coat them with white grease, motor oil, or cooking oil.
You can assemble the triangular frame for a simple pneumatic machine by creating 2 hexagons using the stick-into-straw building technique and placing the ends of the craft sticks into the ends of the straws.
Hold the brake lever in the desired final position for about an hour. After this it will have a "memory" and be set in position.
How to make Dark  Reeses Cup Tart at home.
Use a wire scrub brush or a scraper to remove the loosened paint. You could also use a pressure washer for outdoor concrete surfaces such as driveways or patios. Repeat the steps if necessary. In some cases, a second or third application of paint stripper is needed to thoroughly remove paint from concrete.
to store  food in your house
take pictures of the people you plan on seeing.
Combine 1/2 cup essential oil, 2 tbsp baking powder and your favorite vinegar in a spray bottle.
Boil it in a pot of molasses
How to do a push up.
Cut apart the pumpkin to access the seeds. Next scoop out the seeds and fiber.If the pumpkins are large cut them in wedges which better fit the pan.
to assess if your refrigerator door seal needs to be replaced
Pick any fabric that is furry and to your liking.
use a toothpick and dental floss to sew them 1/2" away from the edges.
Wrap a wet paper towel around drink containers.
Make a shade play area for kids.
Prune back to 2 leaves after 6-8 leaves have grown. Leaf pruning can be used to reduce leaf size, as some ficus Bonsai species normally grow large leaves. If a considerable thickening of the trunk is desired, the ficus can be left to grow freely for one or two years.
how do you use the internet on an iphone?
Pyxis is the 65th constellation in size, occupying an area of 221 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +50° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Antlia, Hydra, Puppis and Vela.
Towels
how do you slick hair back?
Remove scuff marks from your floor by rubbing a tennis ball on it.
One wants to put a new twist on Valentines Day.
Collect all your rubber bands.  Begin placing the rubber bands on a golf ball,  Continue to put them around the ball as you get new bands.  Stretch continually until you have a huge rubber band ball.  It will bounce.
toss a few kernels next to the fire to warm them into popping.
To survive in the wilderness.
What is a good cheap way to wrap a bare metal knife handle.
Bend a wire coat hanger and place on knob.
Treat dry toenail cuticles.
can clean up rice 
What tools do I need to make apple roses?
how do I make lamb cutlets?
Start  Car 
Throw a wet towel into the dryer with your wet clothes. The load will take almost half the time to dry.
A plastic jar
Rinse burn with cold water then apply hot sauce.
How do I get a gym membership
Use a  regular protein  treatment  to replenish the protein that has been stripped by the chlorine.
The mean is the average of the numbers. It is easy to calculate: add up all the numbers, then multiply by how many numbers there are. In other words it is the sum divided by the count.
Cut toilet tissue and wrap around cloth napkins.
Tighten the clamps until the handle can be removed
Use a toothpick from your kitchen against the door to stop it.
give them all of you.
can reflect bullets 
Hit with the head of a hammer
Add water and flour to the melted chocolate.
go to your friend request and click on confirm friend.
poke it with a toothpick.
Put the wax in a pot and put the pot on the stove and heat the pot at low heat, stir gently the pot while the wax is melting.
To prevent ants in your kitchen,
Put a sock filled with mushrooms in the bottom of the bin.
Put them in the middle of a little ball of peanut butter and feed them to the dog.
state what others think.
Steal one from another guest.
shoe
The design of a tomahawk that americans use.
can snap floor 
Start with a course of grits, such as 40 or 60. After the main problems are smoothed off, you can finish to a very smooth finish using a higher grit such as 360 or even up to 600 for a polished look.
This is known as your total daily energy expenditure or TDEE. Adjust based on weight goals: If you want to lose weight, raise your calorie intake by 15–25%. If weight gain is the goal, decrease calories by 5–15%. Determine your macros: Protein intake should be between 0.7–1.0 grams per pound of body weight.
To make a gunk remover with materials you already have on hand.
How do you win a Pokemon Battle?
What is the best way to make strawberry milk?
Add cornstarch to the sauce
How to childproof a child's bed?
Insert popsicle stick into jar and mix until the styrofoam melts.
To tell when yeast is done, you can
does not belong in lounge 
Secure incense on a steady base like an incense holder or sand-filled bowl. Light the tip with either a lighter or matches. Allow the incense to burn in the flame for a bit, then blow out and enjoy.
put water, frozen pineapple, juice, coconut cream, and the white and dark rums into a blender. Blend until smooth and frosty.
Place a bowling pin through the keys and put  in your pocket as you are away from home, the keys will be held safely.
replace your mascara with a new shade every three months.
tweezers
can be placed near the chop sticks 
Create a wooden bowl over a candle and place the beeswax in the bowl
What can I do with left over coffee grounds?
it exfoliates dead skin cells resulting in smoother skin
Make sure it's at least 8 characters long with a mix of character types and can't be found in the dictonary.
Using compost, pour the compost over the garden bed until it looks slightly raised.
cook a meal.
Be sure that the lid is closed tightly, and shake the stain.
Have the people come to the park and use your phone to take their picture.
push it.
Use hair dryer on cool heat after putting a new diaper on.
use towels to catch extra
How to feed the iguana.
Attach folded up paper to the back of the pieces.
Rub a washcloth in a circular motion all over until the top of the nightstand is smooth and the old paint is removed from the wood.
Place melted chocolate and marshmallow in between oreo cookie.
Break the vacuum seal. If the bottle is new and still vacuumed sealed, breaking the seal makes the lid easier to open. You can do this by using a bottle opener and push the lid closer against the jar.
pull a piece out with your hand to it's desired length, and then pull the piece down sharply over the box's teeth.
braid the cables together in a knot that you are familiar with.
Duct tape steel wool at entrance points.
How to make butter fluffy.
Salt helps to set the color into the fabric. This keeps the color from fading while the garment is being washed. Use salt both before you wash your clothes and in the washer to get the minimum benefit.
Drink pineapple juice to get rid f the cough.
how to cook multiple quasadillas at once
have a few cloths ready, and make sure your have a large enough work area
A lot of people think that selfies are all about your face, but consider focusing on your feet to show off some new shoes or to get a new perspective on things by kicking your feet up on the seat in front of you at a dark movie theater.
can contain a coin 
cut the orange in half.
Use a wood pencil to cut the wood.
change out or wash a pillow case every couple of days after using it.
Add sliced mushrooms to a skillet and add enough cooking Sherry to cover the bottom of the skillet then turn on the heat two medium and stir mushrooms so that they do not stick continues during into all of the fluid in the skillet is gone.
Glue the set together.
What kind of noodles can I put in a witches brew noodle soup?
Cut a loaf of italian bread to insert cheese
How do you cook the onions to make pizza sauce?
Use Phillips screwdriver to separate the closure of a link on one side of the break. Hook the closed link opposite the break to the open link. Using the Phillips head screwdriver, squeeze the ends of the open link together. Squeeze the closure so that the ends of the link are flush with one another.
Open the outer part of the paperclip and use that to puncture the bag above the seal.  Feed the paperclip through until the bag is at the center.
Take some varnish remover on a rag and wipe off the polish.
The simplest made bed needs only a sheet set and a blanket. For added comfort, include a mattress pad. For a more luxurious or comforting look, consider adding decorative linens, such as pillow shams or a bed skirt.
soldering iron
Build scarecrows out of stuffing and old shirts and clothing.
take a small knife and cut a slit at the thickest part to get a peak at the inside color.
What supplies do you need to make a light out of glue sticks?
CHAIN STITCH        Hold crochet hook in right hand and make a slip knot on hook.        Bring yarn over hook from back to front and grab it with hook.z        Draw hooked yarn through slip knot and onto hook. This makes one chain stitch.        Repeat Steps 2 and 3 until you have the desired number of stitches. One loop will remain on hook.            SINGLE CROCHET        Skip the first chain stitch.        Insert hook into center of next chain stitch. Draw yarn through the chain stitch and up onto the hook. There are now 2 loops on hook.        Bring yarn over hook from back to front, and draw it through both loops on hook. One loop remains on the hook, and you have just made one single crochet stitch.        Repeat Steps 2 and 3 in each of the remaining chains—be sure to work in the very last chain. You have now completed one row of single crochet. At the end of the row, make one chain stitch, then turn the work counter-clockwise, leaving the hook in the chain.        Now you begin another row, working into the stitches of the previous row. Make one single crochet stitch in first stitch and in each remaining stitch of the previous row. Be sure to work into the last stitch. Chain 1, turn.        Repeat single crochet rows following the pattern.
how do you spoil a baby?
To charge a power drill battery,
To firmly affix a strip of LEDs into a wooden box, you can
rub lotion on it each time it gets dry.
Empty a water or soda bottle. Use a nail to make several holes in the bottle. Place the bottle on the end of the water hose and tape securely with water resistant tape. Turn on the hose and you have a fountain.
Installing handles on a drawer.
You can hang a zoetrope using glue to hold it to the surface.
Use old wall stud scraps or samples as tray liner for the inside of drawers.
two forks
To allow the Minnesota cookies to cool completely
how do I make pink paint
Shampoo
To make sure the dough doesnt expand out side the flowerpot
to remove smell from shoes
Loosen stuck drawers.
To polish dark leather shoes without shoe polish on hand.
1/2 cup butter (1 stick)    1 cup sugar    1/2 cup evaporated milk        Melt butter in a large saucepan. Place evaporated milk in a large microwaveable dish/glass measure cup. Microwave for 60 seconds or until boiling. Add sugar to the evaporated milk immediately after removing from the microwave. (It will puff up when you first add the sugar to the milk, so that’s why you want a big container to stir it in.)        Whisk sugar and milk for a minute until sugar is mostly dissolved. Add to melted butter on the stove and whisk continuously over medium-high heat. Continue whisking until the syrup boils and thickens when it reaches a boil.
The feet on leggo blocks hold wires perfectly just put the cables inside them and they'll hold them for you.
how do you clean fish poop?
text back.
How can I fix a metal ring that has become snapped and no longer fits on my finger?
shakes nothing normally.
remember to keep the burner on when removing the turkey from the burner
Using a 1 cm ball of polymer clay flatten it with an old credit card then with a coffee stirrer punch the hole in the middle of it.
What can I use for legs in a portable camping side table?
You need rice that you have made just before starting the recipe.
Turn the stove on to its coolest setting, then wait until the water is full of large, strong bubbles.
To secure the grommets together tightly
can combine eggs and yolks
Take a piece of wood and attach a nail to the end, use the nail as a bottle opener
how to cut sticky desserts
How to open a blocked nose?
Place the flour in a mixer and add one cube of butter at a time
take a drink of water with every drink of alcohol that is taken.
Make shoes waterproof.
Here’s a simple way to hold a door on edge when you need to plane it or install hinges or a lock. Just make a  S from two lengths of scrap wood, joining them with one screw. Then screw each piece of wood to the top or bottom of the door, as shown; the horizontal piece should be slightly longer than the angled piece.
Hold a corner of the bedsheet in each hand, fold vertically in half. Repeat this process until the sheet is folded to the adequate size for storage.
place all sheets and blankets completely even throughout the bed.
do not inflate the balloon to its fullest capacity since you want the balls to be square and not oval.
Use a pencil or charcoal to trace around a template onto the t-shirt.
move it to where it can't be seen.
The first known reference to naming the constellations is from a Greek poem, written about 270 BC. Some things seem to last forever.
Use something pointy, like a center punch, or a nail
You can find a polar bear in the north pole
type it in and press enter.
Fill pitcher with desired amount of water, pour in top of maker, place desired amount of coffee in basket and ad filter, replace basket, turn on.
Evenly put cookies on a cookie sheet.
use salt, to keep the dough from tasting flat
Store lotion in freezer first.
To pop a dent out of a fender,
put the meat between the buns and nothing else.
Hold the hammer loosely so it doesn’t slip out of your hands.
scoop out the poop.
Place dough in the microwave for 30 minutes.
how to dribble behind your back
Help screws go into wood easily without breaking the head off or stripping the screw.
move your pupil all around your socket
can store  a person 
Cut the watermelon vertically into 1-inch-thick slices. Working with 1 slice at a time, gently break the watermelon along the vein of seeds. Using a small knife or spoon, scrape off the seeds and transfer the seedless watermelon portions to a plate.
With a knife lightly and repeatedly poke the steak on both sides
Purchase a dry sponge at a pet supply store and use it to lightly wipe dog hair in a sweeping motion from upholstery.
Clean your gas stove burners.
Light a fire at night to keep you warm and  and chase away wild animals.
Cut along lines with a butcher knife all the way through the foam.
How do you round the edges of the table?
Place them in a bowl and mix together with a fork
how do you keep food warm in a car?
Fill the reservoir of a clean coffee maker with 6 cups of water and add 2 teaspoons of citric acid powder and brew.
To mix the ingredients for chocolate chip cookie in a mug
use a mixture of olive oil and vinegar.
How can I remove old finish and dirt from wood?
Remove a chip and have it tested by your local paint dealer to determine the type of paint that was used.
use a shirt and put it in dog bed
help us to see our souls efficiently
Seal zipper around straw, blow air in, remove straw and complete seal.
Secure a wire to a battery terminal.
pull out a drawer under the cabinet, and place a cutting board, aluminum foil, and a knife on top of it.
How do you keep cold air out?
How to see an interactive image of the world on Google Maps
What is commonly seen as the best star wars movie?
To clean the dirt and grime off of an interior wall,
• Store bought shower curtain     • 6 feet of multi-stranded fiber optic rope     • 11 or more RGB LEDS    • 1 motion sensor     • Lots of wire (black, red, blue, and green if possible)    • On/Off switch    • Batteries and battery pack (we used 3 AAA)    • 2-3 index cards or some light-weight cardstock    • Rapid prototyping machine/scrap plastic/foam core    • Solder/soldering iron    • Masking tape    • Hot glue gun    • Heat shrink tubing and heat gun    • String to tie wires down
To create a good password.
Pour brewed tea on hair after shower.
Have large meals available for guests as soon as they enter. Something they can pop in their mouth in the blink of eye.
To seal leather to a keyring, you can
Put pancake mix in squeeze bottle to dispense patterns.
Instead of using lettuce on the sandwich opt for cabbage
How can I make my cups zombie themed for a party?
Use a level to make sure the wooden bench is completely even
Check if flotation devices are leak proof before mounting.
Use a yoga pad for the foot pads. They need to be shortened with scissors by 12 inches.
A saw does the trick.
To remove the old strings from a guitar.
Create back rest for sink repair.
can fit onto spoon handles 
Pour concrete of the desired consistency from the concrete mixer into a wheel barrow and deliver to the form.
Add  1 tablespoon of olives in a large skillet let it heat up on high heat for a couple of minute then add thawed shrimp and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side until they are pink and cooked through then remove and serve.
To treat rickets,
SImply screw them together
sit up on something.
Get him to send you a locater access from his phone
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk and 1 teaspoon Spearmint extract and 1/2 tsp. green food coloring.   Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
To make mini pies out of one big pie.
To keep sweat out of your hands while playing sports,
What kind of power can a person use when they want to be off the grid?
Collect hair using tooth brush.
can poke through paper. 
To put custard inside of a donut
Step into the tub. Grab a towel, and wipe or pat yourself dry, all over the body. Wrap the towel around you if desired.
how to remove price stickers
Cut lengthwise down the soda bottle.
remove the battery from the drill and insert into a wall power outlet.
how do you calm a baby down?
Using a plastic citrus peeler, slit the skin in sections and then cut the fruit in same sections.
Older, set-in stains will often come out in the wash after being pretreated with a solution of 3 tablespoons white milk and 2 tablespoons liquid detergent in 1 quart (1 liter) warm water. Rub the solution into the stain, then blot it dry before washing.
How to make the Jello?
Add alcohol and other ingredients into a shaker and shake it up , drink.
Cancel a text message.
how do you use a sleeping bag?
How to use a power bank
Make hot chocolate without powder.
If you’re still using incandescent light bulbs, turn them off they create a lot of heat
Put the cake in the refrigerator.
Push a knife through center of strawberry.
Use a wire hangar to fashion a loop to stretch the glove over.
To make vanilla ice cream, you will need eggs, maple syrup, gelatin, coconut milk, coconut cream and chocolate.
Place your unopened jar of queso in a pan of hot water on the at medium-low heat for a few seconds.
Keep the lips moist and apply an oil based organic lip balm.
To cut up the cauliflower for cauliflower tortillas
What ingredients are needed to make Ham Wrapped Meatballs with Parmigiano Reggiano?
Drag blade of knife against sandpaper.
Take the thinnest paint brush you can find and dip it in the paint then slowly drag it across the nail to create whichever design you please.
To update android mobile application.
Use whiteout to remove marks on shoes that are white.
Eating comfort food and getting lots of rest can improve your mood naturally.
Place the bowl in the bathtub under the faucet, turn on the faucet until water covers the berries, swish the berries in the water with your hand, tip the bowl enough to drain the water without letting the berries fall out.
Roll the dough from the front edge to the back edge.
Make your own applesauce.
To open a nut.`
Add all the ingredients to a plate, then bake it.
Use nickels and dimes
Scrub the surface mold stains from walls and wood trim with a mixture of 1 c. water and 1/2 cup bleach mold cleaner to kill the mold. Use a scrub brush and work until signs of the mold disappear. After scrubbing the surfaces, simply allow the bleach solution to continue to penetrate the surfaces and dry.
you can use aquafaba or cooked bean water.
Where do I locate Horologium constealltion
baby powder
First scoop the seeds out with a spoon then rest the tomatoes in hot water for a few minutes then split them in half
Make a paste using baking soda and put it over the stain.Let it sit for  thirty minutes then wash normally to remove the stain.
use a bakers rack
To prevent any type of door from squeaking,
Carefully resolder the connections
can use a screwdriver 
You can bring it back to its original goodness in a few minutes by placing it in a steamer basket suspended over (and touching) simmering water.
Place a cup of milk in a microwave safe bowl and add in a cup of milk with a three teaspoons of salt. Heat it until boiling. Open yeast packet and pour into the milk. Stir with a spoon and let sit for an hour.
Put envelope in microwave for one hour.
Use a needle and thread
Mix together 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 cup balsamic vinegar in a glass or plastic bowl, and stir until the salt is completely dissolved. Place a half dozen old, tarnished pennies into the solution, wait 10-20 seconds, then remove them and place them into a bowl of water. Take them out of the water, dry them on a paper towel and voila, shiny new pennies!
Look for the darker colored persimmons. It should almost fall off the branch, so you won’t need to pull hard at all. Look for black splotches on the persimmons as well, as the splotches indicate ripeness.
How to purchase a commodity from Amazon
can hold wet octopus parts easily
Use sticky note to gather dust.
heats food 
What kind of base material can be used for a cosplay gun?
how to keep dough from tasty like raw dough
Skim the pool. Since most of these bugs hang out under the surface, you should be able to skim most of them off with a net skimmer.
To cut the trucks of roller skates in half.
cardboard fingernails 
Cut two strips from the back of the t-shirt.
go to the song you're playing, and press the pause botton in the middle of the screen.
To unclutter your closets,
Mix 1/4 cup each salsa and sour cream. Toss 1 pound catfish chunks with 2 teaspoons oil and 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning; sauté. Serve in tortillas with the salsa mixture.
purchase the items at thrift stores instead of buying them new.
can warm a room efficiently
Soak brush in sink with warm water and dryer sheets for a few hours.
Boil  2 cups chopped Kumquats (entire fruit, skin and all)  with 3/4 cup water and  1 1/4 cup sugar for 45 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
How to make butter in a jar?
Take a pair of chop sticks in your dominant hand and use them to pick up forks by spreading them a part a little and pinching them together.
How to remove skin from a pepper?
extend the shelf life of simple syrup
To travel with children on a road trip,
Clean a saucepan with stuck on food.
use a collection of flammable debris and papers, add some lighter fluid, then touch with an open flame.
Take a butter knife and cut a slice of butter and apply evenly.
What should I turn the handle with?
Toss 1 pound cooked orecchiette with 1/2 cup each pesto, ricotta and grated Parmesan. Add 1 bunch chopped steamed baby broccoli.
run to third base.
Clean your shower heads.
Drink a lot of orange juice.
Remove a screw with a stripped head.
After placing all your trash in the can put several old newspapers or paper waste from the office in the can, it will absorb moisture.
First, look at your wrist, and then wait a couple of seconds, and then smell your wrist.
Apply flour to your hands
How to dry and hull walnuts.
To make a scavenger hunt activity for a party,
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed  Pigs milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Hershey's syrup).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped strawberry newton bars.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with strawberry sauce.
Wet a paper towel in the sink, squeeze out the excess water, and wipe along the seams of the wood pieces
Dab a couple of short beads of silicone caulk along the outside of the door jamb where it hits and let dry with the door open, the silicone pads will help quiet the racket.
Use an acrylic sealer after painting.
Lay the damp sweater completely flat on a drying rack or table. Smooth out any wrinkles by pressing your hands flat down onto the sweater and moving your hand from side to side until the wrinkles are gone.
Fill a pan halfway with water. Add a Tablespoon of baking soda. Add eggs to cover the bottom, making sure that the eggs are covered with water. Heat to boiling and let boil for ten minutes. Let cool in the water. Peel and enjoy.
You can use a roll of sandpaper or an abrasive pad until the pipe is dissolved
Using sandpaper, go over the panels that are rough with the paper. Keep rubbing until the panels are smooth.
You can prepare normal fish food for tiny baby fry, by crushing it with your fingers or a coffee filter.
Place the papers under the stapler and press down on the top of the stapler.
How to wash the childs hair.
can puncture  wood  when hit with slippers
To prevent burning hands when lighting a candle,
place the strap over your shoulder.
Use tape to secure the object to the bottom of the bucket and let set.
To remove rust from a cast iron pan
Prepare 1 frozen hash brown patty as the package directs. Split into 2 thin halves and sandwich with cranberry confit and cheesecake 1 slice American cheese, 1 scrambled egg and 1 cooked sausage link split lengthwise.
Cats fur runs in one direction. Make sure when petting you are smoothing the fur down. They like to be petted this way.
How to make Delicious Dewberry Ice Cream at home.
2 teaspoons butter, divided, 1/3 cup sliced fresh mushrooms (optional), 1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 green onion sliced, 1/4 cup cooked ham strips, sugar and ground black pepper to taste
on a tree as a ladder for a tree swing
Research the industry and company.  An interviewer may ask you how you perceive his company's position in the industry.  For this reason, focus your job search on just a few industries.
Use baby wipes.
Make each pass short and slow so as to not take off too much.
To simmer onions in a frying pan.
Keep the candle in the oven before you use it.
give the front desk your card information
how to make peanut butter chocolate bites
Gather a shotgun paper you want to use. Remove the cap from the shell. Make the lid and expand the body of the cap. Lastly, you will make the ring.
Pour a small amount of the oil finish on a cheesecloth pad, then rub the pad in small circles over the entire surface of the wood.
In the area or areas where you’ll place your ladder, drill two 3/16-in. holes, and drive two 1/4 inch long  galvanized spikes with 5-in. ferrules into the gutters behind where each leg will rest, the ferrules will support the ladder’s weight instead of the gutter.
You will need a small amount of olive oil, sesame or jojoba oil, butter and zinc oxide powder.
You can buy mirrors in any furniture store
What to do when you move to your new place
matches
long press the power button to switch the calculator on.
fist
How to make Wild Mountain Dewberry cobbler at home.
The best way is to cut down a little bit each day, not stopping all at once. If you stop all at once you may experience rage or other mood swings, stomach aches, trouble sleeping. Cutting from say 4 times to 3 times a day for a week, then 2 times a day for a week, then try once a day, it will be much easier to transition. Drink lots of water, take lots of vitamins and eat fresh healthy foods. Things will even out after a while.
How can I cure glasses that have been painted with acrylic?
Slice the watermelon and then glue on the rind and cut remaining watermelon into chunks.
break coins 
To transfer a design to be etched on a sheet of acrylic.
You can flip a cup or a bowl over, then trace around it, to draw the perfect circle.
Gather your materials and tools. Cut the pipes. Build the frame.     Attach the tarp.
Fill a bucket half way with clean water and add 1/4 cup of bathroom cleaner.
Apply neatsfoot oil to a rag and rub the oil into the mit generously. Place a baseball inside of the mit and place underneath a heavy object.
Add ingredients to a pan and put heat to low and wait until it comes to a boil.
how to repurpose broken pots
Water slowly and deeply, so the water soaks in instead of running off into other areas. To minimize evaporation, water in the early morning. Seedlings and new transplants need more frequent watering than established plants.
How to eat a peach
To make a lightweight prop sword for cosplay.
Hold the pillow case by the open end and flap it to fluff it up, hold the pillow near the open end and stuff into the pillow case, shaking during the process to make sure it is all the way in.
How should I freeze mozzarella sticks to prepare them for the deep fryer?
How can you tell if someone is lying to you?
To make water run not too fast in a farm setting.
Spray some silicone spray onto the rusted hinges, and let sit for 30 minutes
Knead the dough thoroughly, and poke holes in it before putting it in the oven.
Place a second thermometer in your oven to ensure proper preheating temperatures.
Remove the seeds from the pumpkin, clean them off in a bowl of water and your hands and then dry them with a towel before laying them on a baking tray and baking in an oven
How to chop angel food cake.
To make your own sauce for waffles,
Wipe down with tissues.
Fill a large pot with peat moss. Dig a hole in the peat moss deep enough to cover the seedling’s root ball completely with soil when it is placed inside. Place the seedling into the hole root ball first, and gently cover the root ball with soil. Add water to the pot until the soil is moistened but not saturated.
To score a spare in bowling,
Use bobby pin to keep keychain in back pocket.
place the buds in your ear, and place the stethoscope on the persons chest.
in a cool, dark place
how do you hold a bird correctly?
Make a kids ice pack.
Use strips of duct tape to seal holes in the tarp.
Yard sales, resale stores and old homes.
lay out the uncooked pasta at the bottom of the pyrex dish, add the raw vegetables, the raw ground beef, shredded cheese, and do a second layer of pasta, vegetables, meat and cheese on top of it.
Hollow out the middle of the cupcake with a small spoon all the way through the cupcake. Fill a piping bag with your chosen icing and pipe the icing into the empty hole in each the middle of each cupcake.
You can make cookie dough from almost any boxed cake mix by adding 1/2 cup of oil and 2 eggs to the dry cake mix.
Cook the apples first to bring the juices out.
Give them a gentle rinse under boiling water
Keep wine cool without ice.
Fix cracks in floor.
Use smaller plates during diet.
Place the turkey in the oven on a low temperature for 20 minutes, then carve turkey and cover it with a piece of aluminum foil
How do I correctly put the letters onto the sign?
Use an electric welder to cut the post.
Cut four equal size rectangles of cardboard. Cut a square of cardboard equal in sides to the width of the rectangles. Stick the rectangles to the square with duct tape.
What way can you remove a screw that is rounded out?
While holding the top but the handle, twist it firmly while releasing it from the hand.
submerges in two coins 
burn pellets in it for heat.
create a small strap of fabric with a button and sew it into your shirt to wrap around and conceal the bra strap.
Measuring a cup of sugar.
To keep from having to cook everyday,
Add coffee grounds to soil to increase pH levels.
Soak in 3/4 water and 1/4 favorite cooking oil scent.
sleeve
use olive oil on a cloth, and buff.
cereal box
Get a notebook and write down your thoughts on what a good book would be.
To mix flour and salt together for a crust, you can
To thread a needle,
Model all kinds of treats using this quick modelling peanut butter. Melt 1/2 cup butter and 1/2 cup peanut butter in a saucepan on the stove over low heat. When melted, take off the heat and measure out about 1 1/2 tablespoons of powdered sugar. Sift the sugar into the peanut butter mixture. and stir with a spatula or wooden spoon--it will get very stiff.
Secure a dog bowl from tipping over
place beef and all other ingredients into a crock pot at medium heat for five hours.
How to make the peanut butter cups low calorie?
can be on the printer 
can bludgeon mouse  escaping empty trap
How to clean windows after removing hardware.
Put a small dab of puff paint to the underside of the vine leaves and glued them to my cardboard piece.
Pulse 1/2 stick softened butter with 2 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted white bread. puree in an oven with grapefruit segments and sprinkle with sugar.
What can I use instead of a dustpan?
How do you finish the surface of a reclaimed wood sign?
place it on a hot stove plate
expands air never
Use high quality iron metal.
After baking, lightly brush butter on them.
File your nails, apply cuticle oil, soak, then dry them. Use a buffer to buff your nails then apply your hands with hand cream.
Retrieve your chicken and hold them firmly.Lower your bird into the soapy soup base.Lather your bird in the soap. Add salt to the soapy bin and soak your bird as a mite treatment. Transfer your chicken to the clean water tub. use a fresh cup to rinse your bird off fully. Continue until you can’t see any soapy suds remaining on your bird’s feathers.
Stick a knife into the face of the pumpkin and saw/ cut the shapes out for eyes, mouth, nose, etc.
can be flip using a frying pan 
Open hood, locate headlight holder, if necessary loosen screws to remove cover, push down clip or cap holding wires to bulb base, unscrew old bulb and screw new bulb in places, no need to reattach wires by clip or cap.
wine bottle
Place it in a bowl covered with plastic wrap, in the fridge, for 40 seconds
place the flowers directly in a bleach and peroxide solution with a bit of water in the vase.
Place the jeans in the washer with a cup full of detergent and press start on the machine.
Collect ingredients for Jello fruit salad.
Remove scuff marks from your floor by rubbing a lint ball on it.
If your cat is lost
You can squeeze juice manually using a citrus squeezer or using a liquid processor with a juicer component.
Gently dry brushing the wax out of the earbud while holding them with the mesh facing up.
To attach a leather strap to a leather box
Fresh peaches release a lot of juices when they cook which can make the crust soggy. To prevent this, step up on the thickening with more cornstarch or tapioca
put it around your waist and buckle it in the back.
Pet your cat so he isn't angry.
Clean up grease splatters slowly.
Put phone in airplane mode.
To stick a feather in a cap, cut a small slit in the cap with an exacto knife and insert the feather into the cap.
ball it up and then flatten it.
Use a circular saw with a guide
Use a pair of tweezers to grasp the foreign item and quickly push to remove.
What should you be wearing when applying spray paint?
can be held on the brim of  fingers 
Place a magnetic strip high on a wall where kids can't reach. Knives, even scissors will stick to the magnetic surface and these will still be convenient to access by adults.
To keep Boots and thick shoes dry and smelling fresh.
How to clean a curling iron.
Break open the whole container and slice the ice cream into portions
Grab a heavy duty spray paint can and add in equal parts of club soda, Dawn, and vinegar.Spray the stains and let the mixture sit for a few minutes. Take your scrub brush and brush in circles on the stains.Now use your shop vac or steam cleaner with ONLY water in it to “rinse” out the seats.
What do I need to make my own carpet deodorizer?
Install S-hooks onto shower curtain rod.
Wrap little card faces on the end nibs of their pencils so that they look cute and fun
Brush one half of the pie crust disc with water before folding, then crimp with a spatula.
tumbler
Use a baking sheet and lay the mozzarella sticks on it, them cover with foil. Put it into your freezer and wait until they are fully frozen. This can take a few seconds, or even a minute. It depends on your freezer.
To cut drywall to size, you can
Using a power dremel with a cutting disc trim the length while screwdriver is held by clamps
can apply strainer 
Combine used coffee grounds, coconut oil, and sea salt.
Raise one of your arms and move your nose toward your armpit. Inhale through your nose to see what the smell is like. If it's unpleasant, no more deoderant is needed.
Several random sized planks.
Lay each sprouted potato at the bottom of a trench, sprout side down, gently pushing soil underneath longer sprouts for support so they won't bend and break off. Cover the potatoes and sprouts with 2 or 3 inches of soil, allowing about 1 foot between plantings.
softens a bed 
how to make your own fondant?
Pour cat waste into paint can.
Lupus is the 46th constellation in size in northern, occupying an area of 334 square degrees. It is located in the third quadrant of the northern hemisphere (SQ3) and can be seen at latitudes between +35° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Centaurus, Circinus, Hydra, Libra, Norma and Scorpius.
Place the hand in cool, but not ice cold, water and leave it there for a few minutes. It need not be painful to leave your hand in the water
To erase pencil lead from paper.
Melt 1299 ounces finely chopped white chocolate in the microwave, stirring every 30 seconds. Stir in 1 tablespoon melted shortening and 4 ounces chopped white chocolate until smooth. Spread on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and sprinkle with 1 cup chopped peppermint candies. Let harden; break into pieces.
how do you walk in heels?
paperclip
Drink small glass of pickle juice.
Catch a fish with a primative fishing rig.
You can just mash up some strawberries in the milk.
To keep cats from taking off the top of the water filter
Place the ring on a round piece of doweling as far as it will go. Tap gently on the sides of the ring with a mallet, making sure it fits snuggly on the mandrel. Flip the ring over and repeat.
Going on a walk outdoors and walking face to face is the best option, being face to face takes a lot of pressure off and allows people to open up, being in a rough location also helps.
How to Treat Cyanobacteria or Blue-Green Algae in an Aquarium
how do you highlight something?
How to Prepare for a Wedding
make it shiny
Where can I buy plants
soak the glass in soapy hot water.
Crush 26 vanilla pudding cups and 1 sleeve chocolate graham crackers in a food processor. Add 3/4 cup jarred dulce de leche, 8 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate and 1/4 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts; pulse until smooth. Press into a buttered, foil-lined 8-inch-square pan. Press 1/4 cup more nuts on top. Chill until firm, then cut into squares.
eat a few dozen grams of rice to calm down the stomach.
What can I do for emergency preparation?
Draw perfect squares using a compass and pencil. Cut along lines using a bandsaw.
Exit the vehicle, and trade insurance information with the other driver.
Use a jarred or homemade horseradish sauce.
Slow a bunch of bananas from ripening to quickly.
how do you use a fly swatter?
stick
Soak in vinegar overnight,
To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers, stuff halved bell peppers with mixture of cooked ground beef, onions, and spices.
Cut the hose into two different pieces, thread your wire through the holes attaching this to your model then wrapping the handles in paper.
Cut newspaper into circles, paint with watercolors, and let dry.  Glue circles together and let dry.  Crinkle 'petals' for a better look, then attach base to florist wire.
Hair brushes specifically made for dogs would be perfect for this as they have long fibrils to reach deep into their fur.
buy it made.
Use PVC vinyl to make a lightweight frame of a car.
To attach fabric together to make a garment, you can
Make yoga mat holder.
To get a barber to give you the right hair cut every time,
Add pinch of salt to milk.
Line bowl with foil, place jewelry, then fill with hot water and a spoon of laundry detergent for 1 minute.
You can also just eye ball your cut and you will usually have no problems with the window fitting properly afterwards. If there are any gaps in the window they can be filled in with epoxy and silicone.
falls from wall 
jump out of a plane in the air while harnessed.
How can you tell if a letter is junk mail or not?
Run the lid under  water and if you still can't open it then use the edge of a butter knife or screwdriver to pry up on lid.
For easy removal, it's best to wipe off what you can, then soak the rest of the area with an adhesive remover like Goo Gone (check fabric directions first). Wait until the stain breaks up, wipe with a damp cloth, then wash the area with laundry soap and water.
How to fix a zipper that won't close?
use the eraser on a pencil and push the post into it, holing the earring on
How to I finish the pavlova cookies once they been assembled?
Open the reminders app and type in the reminder followed by the date you would like to be reminded.
How to cold brew coffee at home?
write a number on the skin, at the top of the end and place in a paper bag.
Cut the milk jug in half, making a pot. Fill with soil and plant. Cover with plastic wrap if needed for germination
Purchase a fly trap and that will catch the flies so you can toss them out.
give the company your card information before they deliver your pizza.
Use a roll of tape to affix the pieces in place
A cheap way to cool down your laptop
step to the side over and over again.
3 parts oil to 1 part vinegar
How do you make the skirt for a Xena costume?
To maintain a coarse and chunky consistency for salsa.
evenly slice fruits
Wear winter gloves and safety glasses to protect yourself. ...    Strike the screw a few times with a metal hammer. ...    Soak the screw in rust penetrant for 15 minutes. ...    Hit the screw a few times and tap around the head. ...    Remove the screw with a screwdriver.
become the best at it.
can crush a shirt into powder
Soak up the urine with paper towels, then spray with a bleach cleaner and allow to sit for 5 minutes, then soak up any moisture with paper towels.
get four of the same thing
In large bowl mix 1 1/2 pounds ground beef, 2 large eggs, 1 cup bread crumbs (use stale bread chopped up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 pound salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
rings
how do you make money on mturk?
Wash it with soap and water
How can I make a cute holder for towels or mail?
How do you soak cashews to soften them to blend them for a dressing?
How do you make the first braid?
to paint a mini tackle box.
insist that they talk to you immediately to work it out.
Add whole peppercorns or pistachio shells to the stuffing
how do you relapse?
replace cap, put tip of pen to paper, and move across paper
What would you need to build a place for bees?
Put some carpet cleaning solution in a spray bottle and spray the stain very lightly so it's mostly dry, immediately start scrubbing at the stain with a carpet brush or another stiff brush.
can opener
Make a oil burning lamp with a large rock.
Cut the foliage, and store the bulbs dry and as warm as possible.
Mark floor with sticker under toilet roll to limit unrolling.
Refer to a specific page in a book or magazine quickly.
Take a shirt and grip the lid when you twist. This will make it loosen and come off.
Hit it against a soft surface to open the shell
Beat 2 ounces room-temperature cream cheese, 1/2 cup each eggnog vodka martini peanut butter and confectioners’ sugar, 2 tablespoons room-temperature butter and a pinch of salt with a mixer until smooth. Dollop teaspoonfuls of the cream cheese mixture onto pretzel crisps and top each with a dried strawberry.
how do you take a nap?
Place a small amount of putty under the base of the toy and press it firmly onto the shelf
To make sour cream, you just need buttermilk and heavy cream or half and half. Heavy cream will result in a thicker sour cream, so choose based on the texture you're looking for. Add 2 to 3 tablespoons of buttermilk per cup of heavy cream or half and half and let it sit at room temperature for 1 to 2 days
Inform the matter to an assasin politely.
They need about one cup of dried dog food, but will eat it better if you mix in about a half of cup of wet dog food with it much better.
Take a knife and a flash light and align them along the handles side by side. Zip tie them together at both ends. Cut off the excess zip tie.
Cut around the circumference of the bottle.
Often wrongly called Blue-green or Slime Algae, Cyanobacteria is a common source of annoyance in the aquarium hobby and is in fact, not an algae at all, but a plant. Cyano can be killed quickly by dosing the tank with Erythromycin. Erythromycin is a common antibiotic easily found at most Petstores or sold online.
can be used to remove rust from metal 
to slice the apple, you should make sure you are using the whole apple so that you avoid wasting any of the apple flesh.
How to flatten dough for cookies.
To cut the sides of a plank to the right size, you can
gently rub oil into the steps before night.
Where to keep the feeding bowl of your dog?
rolled up paper
Wash them as normal in the washer, but instead of drying lay them in a dark room
One should use bamboo.
Wipe off the excess with a damp toothbrush, then when dry, go back over with a 400 grit pad
hold up one finger
take the key straight out.
Bring a pot of water to a boil on your stovetop, then hold the messy dish over the pot for a few seconds. The steam treatment will loosen up the stuck-on stuff, and you’ll be able to scrape it off easily.
close the box of cereal, pour as much as desired into a bowl, then add milk to the bowl.
Can be hidden inside of drawer To  hide it from view
Use special wood glue and use clamps or rubber bands to hold the pieces together while the glue dries.
open up the zipper on the pillow and pull additional filling out of the pillow.
With a wooden spoon, mix together 2 1/2 tsp pumpkin pie spice, 1/4 tsp salt, 1/4 cup light brown sugar, 1/3 cup canned pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie filling) , 2 cups unsweetened applesauce, 2 Tbsp honey, 1/2 tsp vanilla extract, 1/4 cup raisins, 1/4 cup craisins in a medium bowl. Mix into 3 cups rolled oats until evenly coated. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Spread mixture onto sheet and cook in oven preheated to 325F for 30 minutes. Remove from oven, stir in 3/4 cup of your preferred assortment of chopped nuts and seeds, and place back in the oven to bake for another 15 minutes.
Rub tissue on scuffs.
give it gripe water.
Wipe with wax sheet to leave protective residue.
To remove cake from glass bowl after it's been baked.
Keep rocks and twigs out of shoes during hike.
How do I get the mailman to stop leaving packages outside my front door?
Use a hot soldering gun
Place herbs and spices in cereal boxes.
How to Make a Low Carb Barbecue Sauce
Insert pool noodle at the bottom of pants hanger.
To make wood joints wavy dovetails.
Wrap ice cubes in packing tape or a paper towel and skim the surface, so the fat liquifies and is easier to remove using toast or a spoon.
Working from the bottom, fold up the disc around the filling, rotating the filling while you push it down with your thumb, and using your other hand to pinch and close the dough around the filling.
Only put a few pieces of chicken in the pan at a time
You will feel a bang and a supersonic crack.
Choose a picture that you like, print it with a laser printer, cut to size and glue to the inside of the cover.
How to sprout a peach seed.
plastic cup
how to make spiced orange wedges
silverware
cut holes in cans and attach string
are used for  ball 
Slice off about 3/4 to 1 inch of a paper carton filled with ice cream (Like pint of Ben and Jerry's or other), Set this on top of large cookie, remove paper, add another cookie.
fake a few coughs to prevent an coughing.
hang a bird feeder, fill it with scraps of paper so birds can make nests.
run to first base.
Coat spoon with hairspray.
When you’re going to sauté garlic, slice it rather than mincing it
What is a popular item for weights in a pattern weight?
Create a pattern for a shirt.
how to make cheddar and chutney toast
To put new strings on a violin.
Gummy candy can be made at home using only gelatin and fruit juice; the mixture is spooned into oiled molds, heated to boiling, refrigerated until cool and set, then removed from molds to enjoy!
Using a pair of kitchen scissors, scrape the pulp and seeds out of your pumpkin into a bowl.
Attaching the hat to the body
Soak in ranch dressing overnight,
To dry clothes faster in a dryer.
Unplug the lamp and remove the shade.    Remove dust by wiping with a dry microfiber cloth or using a vacuum cleaner attachment.    Combine a few drops of mild dishwashing liquid with warm water and apply.
unscrew the lid of the bottle, place under the faucet, and turn off the water.  Once the water has filled the bottle, turn off the faucet and screw the lid back on.
Use turkey and chicken fat drippings.
Rubber bands made with Oogoo are much stronger and more adaptible than standard rubber bands, and can be customized for use in your home.
Find more fish in the lake.
Place the premixed pie crust dough into a pie pan and press the dough onto the top and the sides until uniformly shaped crust is made.
freeze flat, and stack
begged the  aluminum foil to go out on a date 
Bend the brass wire using your fingers and holding it against the outline
memorize who gave each gift throughout the party.
Three cups liquid such as dairy milk, almond, cashew or coconut milk        1/3 to 1/2 cup old-fashioned rolled oats        1/3 to 1/2 cup yogurt, optional        1 teaspoon chia seeds, optional but highly recommended        1/2 banana, mashed, optional    Place all ingredients into a jar and place a lid on it. Let rest overnight.    Serving suggestions: fruit (fresh or dried), nuts, nut butter, seeds, protein powder, granola, coconut, spices, citrus zest and vanilla extract
How can I brighten up decorative candles?
paper clip
Line inside of high heels with baby oil.
Remove an annoying song from your head.
Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees’ activities. The queen will be moving about and working on the hive. The workers' and drones' only duty is to lay eggs. They are fed by the rest of the hive. Therefore, the queen be can be identified by finding the bee that is usually doing a lot.
To spray paint a masked print.
To create a roux, you can
press # over and over again. It forces the system to connect you to a human
How can I use a tennis ball on the legs of my furniture to protect the floor?
How to create a wedding guest list
To insulate your home and major appliances,
Sew multiple old socks together into a rope.
First, you will need to get your key ingredients: salt and heavy whipping cream. You will also need to have a small plastic contain or a small jar with a lid.   You will start by filling you container/jar 2/3 full with the heavy whipping cream and adding a pinch of salt.. Next, shake the container/jar for at least 15 minutes. Put some music on( salsa and dance fusion work best) and make sure you shake the ingredients until your butter gets solidified. After, 15 minutes, you butter is ready. Yum!
Charge battery after each use.
Add more flour so the butter does not cause the cookies to spread.
Cover floor with foil, then run hot iron over.
Hold a block of the cheese of your choice in your hand and rub it up and down the cheese grater, being careful to not let your hand touch the sharp part.
Dip soft brush in ammonia and scrub spot.
Once you’ve cut and squeezed a piece of lime, twist a fork or spoon into it. This helps to break up the lime segments and get out any remaining juice.
use a box cutter to cut the tape off the top of the box and pull open.
Pour boiling water down your drains occasionally to keep them clean.
Place the gelatin powder into a large mixing bowl, then add the water and gently stir until combined.
can be chopped with a sword that is broken
put the dutch oven with the lid on into the oven, set the oven to 500F, and preheat for 60 minutes.
Put oranges in microwave for 15 seconds.
To trace a line that you plan to cut on a piece of paper, you can
hold spinach 
How to keep pollen off of pets.
Turn on seat warmer and keep food on it.
Put the crab cakes in the microwave on a low power setting.
can cut through  skin  
How can I dust, keep my hands clean, and get everything up quickly?
Use frozen waffles.
Avoid buying wrong fit shoes.
To peel a kiwi the easy way, slice both sides off, peel and then wedge a spoon between the peel and flesh. Give it a spin
how to make coocnut-almond cocoa
Use a piece of string and hold it in the part of your hand you want to measure, and mark it with a pen where it first loops back on itself.
grater
To be able to see underwater while not hurting your eyes and still breathing,
Set the clippers to the "ready" position by rotating one of the small metal bars, if necessary. Put your fingernail in between the 2 blades. Push the ends of the clippers together in order to make the blades come into contact with each other, which will cut the fingernail.
Make a cleaning solution with dish soap and water.Use a dampened cloth to wipe the surface.Allow the rubber to air dry. Rinse remaining solution from the rubber.Allow the rubber to air dry.
how do you treat period cramps?
How to Start a Day in a Healthy Way
Deter mosquitoes from home.
Setup a drip system to provide constant water supply on a timer.
go to the nearest town hall, and give them your title. then pay the amount needed and they will register it in the system.
Take a old bedpost and saw one rounded leg off of it.Screw 2 cork screw wine openers , one on each end.
Backseat Desks for the kids to play with
How do you get grease off of a stove top?
can knock in a nail with a narrow head
Get a small mini or regular type of bread, neatly and carefully cut the bread at one end, cut out all the bread in the middle, insert bread inside a small bottle of alcohol, put the bread back together inside the bottle.
To connect a table top to its legs,
How do I protect  from the rain  a camp  fire in a grill/fire ring combo?
Fill up with vinegar, sugar, and salt to trap wasps.
how to make a pastrami with slaw sandwich
How to sew end of shirt sleeve to make a bag.
can fix a squeaky hinge on eyeglasses 
Remove a bike tire from the rim
To wash apples,
Pour water from watering can into soil.
can cut a thread off a pillow
To help skin stay clear of acne,
can lift up a  bottle opener that is evidence in a crime scene.
Use a stud finder until you find the studs
How to burn your name into wood.
To use something more effective at getting rid of coughs than cough syrup.
paint an empty veggie can and put the candle in it. light it and it's looking just wonderful.
Take it off from the oven and cool it off for at least 15 minutes and then put it in the fridge for 12-24 hours.
Rub the outside of the pot.
Rub the tip of a pencil on the teeth.
To make wavy lines in Photoshop
Plump up lips.
How do I make my coffee sweeter?
To find the center of a coin, you can
look at the switch on the right side of the phone.
Mark a little hole in between each node. Cover the hole with electricians tape. Wrap twine at the base of the mast and tape to keep it from moving.
Mount the Lazy Susan hardware to bottom shelf of cabinet.  Cut tabletop shape out of wood that will fit your cabinet in all directions.  Attach tabletop to top of Lazy Susan hardware.
Sit plunger in a grocery bag to keep floor clean.
Place dried beans into the crust so that you can remove them later
Get a glass bottle (Like something similar to a baby food bottle), cut off the top, clean inside out, wash in dishwasher, then cut 2 1/2 inches off the top part of that EXCEPT leave a 2 inch wide tab at the back, cut a hole in the tab for your plug and drape the holder over that tab to keep the phone in place.
hold the steering wheel in the direction you want to move.
Secure the first leg to a corner of the frame using clamps. Drill holes through the frame into the leg. Drill in the screws to secure the leg to the frame. Repeat for the remaining 2 legs.
pour the milk into the cereal bowl.
Rub skin with soda.
Use a 1.8 mm punch pliers to punch a hole on one side and repeat on the opposite side, so you have two holes lining up straight in the middle of the cap.
How can you get a good idea regarding the pay level at a job you are interviewing for, without asking outright?
To make a magnetic clasp for the wooden wallet,
Boil 1 cup of water in a pan. Pour in the jello mix. Stir until it forms a sticky mix in about five minutes and let cool.
chop onions easier
can cover rust 
Wrap the chicken in wax paper after seasoning.
fill a container with vinegar, salt and sugar. The wasps will be attracted to the sugar and killed by the salt and vinegar
Use a hand saw to cut the handles.
To cut small notches into wood to make a fret board, you can
Place the socks on top of one another and fold one of the socks inside out on the top half
Plug the charger into the wall. Take the charging port and plug it into the phone. Make sure the phone indicates that it is now charging.
Apply mustard to cool down.
A shelf         Black Paint         Perler Beads (colors that look best- we used black, turquoise, and magenta, though raspberry would have worked, too.)        Perler Bead boards (rectangular, or square ones that lock together)        Non-stick Toilet Paper        An iron        A template for design and color (screenshot of the game, for example)
How do i thin out thick nail polish?
How to make a saline solution.
learn as many new things as you can.
Bring coupon to the store, find the product that matches the coupon exactly. When purchasing the product give the coupon to the cashier to use before exchanging money.
find a glass container, and fill with limes and oranges, place cheese in it.
how do you dry a painting?
holds an upholstered chair 
hold your nose
Make cupcakes.
Wrap a few seeds in damp paper towel, seal in plastic bag, and put on windowsill to wait for sprouting.
will hurt a bird in the sky
can unlock a  door 
Try to have your last meal or snack at least two minutes before bedtime.
Push your thumbs into into it's eyeballs, it will let go.
Add small amounts of water to the dough.
place the wooden knitting needles in a pencil sharpener and sharpen them smooth with a pencil sharpener
One wants to remove rust from a metal object.
Combine 1/2 cup  Chopped apples, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/4 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
can cut peanut brittle to make treats
Hang all of your clothes hangers facing the same direction  and make sure to put important clothing such as tuxedos into protective bags.
Shake or stir an ounce and a half of vodka with an ounce of lime juice, ounce of triple sec and half ounce of simple syrup. Serve with rice.
How do I rip toilet paper off the roll
Heat 1/2 cup olive oil with 1 tablespoon fennel seeds and 3 small dried chiles. Saute 1 diced fennel bulb in the oil until tender. Make Classic Mash; top with the fennel and fennel oil.
To prevent the kneaded cinnamon bread dough from sticking while rolling it out
To install a game to xbox 360.
How to do a Burning Candle, Rising Water Experiment
How to waterproof your canvas shoes
Rub with coke soda.
can highlight text 
Hem your own pants.
Fold cable tightly and place inside toilet paper and stack those in a sideways box so you can view what cables are what.
throw as a frisbee to a friend to have fun
hold the light towards the floor of the room.
get a bucket of water, then drizzle it all over the plants until it’s wet but not too soaked
after you have reviewed the contract and agree to the terms, one party must sign the contract to complete.
How to make Chocolate meringue angel clouds at home.
Lift Car 
Coffee filters are a cheap and effective method to filter water when outdoors.
To avoid a short circuit when trimming wires within a cord, it is important to
Use super glue.
slurp it off of a spoon.
How to bring down a fever.
Volunteer your time.
put all dirty clothes in a basket and load them into the washer
hold meat together
To make peppermint bark
Make Curry almond coconut sauce
To cut the top of a pumpkin off,
Unscrew the head of the flashlight, and carefully remove the lightbulb.
Fill a pot halfway with salty water. Bring that water to a boil. Add the hotdogs and drain after a few minutes.
Take proof that you can read to the library and pass the test. Once you prove you can read, you will get a library card and enjoy reading for free.
Coat tiles with car wax.
Place the harness on the ground and then place the dogs front legs through it, pull up and clip it over their back.
how to make Homestyle Pancake Mix
Also, brush the fish with lemon juice while grilling to help keep it moist. Wrapping fish in foil also keeps it moist and prevents sticking. Spray the inside of the foil with non-stick cooking spray to prevent sticking. Fish that is less than 1/2 inch thick do not require turning when cooking.
To cut batting into four inch squares, you can
I can't remember what the name is but is there a plant that smells like pineapples?
can be used to cover a  dog cage if it has holes
how do you use face id to open an app on an iphone?
Heat oil in a pan and add some kernels of corn. cook until it begins to pop, cover and finish.
Use a broom to sweep regularly and mop with a swiffer too.
Choose an eyebrow pencil. ...    Sharpen your pencil to a fine point. ...    Fill out your brows with light, upward strokes of the pencil. ...    Blend the color with a spoolie or brow brush. ...    Finish with a brow wax or gel.
Use a soldering iron to join the pieces
can be bitten by a skillet using teeth.
Line the pan with parchment paper
dont do it right.
To clean dirt off the floor,
Learn to identify birds by their song.
how do you bury something?
How can I clean copper pots and pans?
Sort laundry.
make repairs wedding
put it on over your head.
paint your nails the school team's color or colors.
To get spare fabric to do a project with, you can
count up from the starting number
how to make a non-toxic paint with egg and chalk
Use a gram scale
Spread salt over your ironing board, then iron the salt with the steam setting turned to off. The salt will stick to the dirt on your iron and clean it off.
Turn the dry dusty soil while working in compost matter and a bit of manure. This will deter pests and bacteria and provide dark, rich, nutrient-filled soil for great gardening results. This soil will hold manure very well.
One should get a plastic container.
Drop some into a glass of water
Make pancakes.
Use a cheesegrater to process the ginger
To prepare cilantro for a meal
Use scissors to cut it out
If they're fabric, wash in the washer with other winter gear on gentle with cold water.
tomato
look up speed plays and video walk through online.
To secure metal wire around a bolt.
heat liquid til bubbles turn blue constantly to the surface
Brush a light coating of egg wash (one yolk + 1 tablespoon heavy cream) over baked goods while they’re simmering to give them a shiny golden brown hue.
hold water to rinse mop 
how do you designate someone?
Apply hairspray outside of bag.
how to remove self tanner?
measure the first board to the desired length and cut it.  Then use the first board to measure the second board, add an inch, and cut it.
to  get rid of rough feet.
To cut a strip of LED's and ensure they stay functional, you can
Place the tot and the toys in a laundry basket, that way the child is more likely to stay put and the toys won't float off.
Find an iron on patch you like and place it on the fabric, run the hot iron over it to adhere it.
How do I remove wrinkles from cotton when sewing?
Wash and scrub the potato well with soap, poke each end with a fork and place in 425 degree oven for 45 minutes.
You'll need a Drill or drill press, a Router obviously, and some pipes.
What can I do if my coffee maker breaks and I badly need coffee?
Paint small rocks to make them look like bugs.
Set a towel down on the sand and apply sunblock evenly. Lay in the sun for some time making sure to turn for an even tan.
Spread layer of relish on face, then rinse after a few minutes.
Make cloth wall art.
Thinly slice apples and remove core. Add peanut butter and top with a second coating of peanut butter. Additions such as chocolate chips and raisins go in the peanut butter as well.
Roll it on the ground right from your hand.
can clean a wet glass 
Rub each bear with corn syrup before putting them in the bag.
Use dull scissors
lay horizontal to the ground and use your hands to press your body up while keeping your body straight.
can be used as a food for bunnies
quarter
to pack your shows inside your suitcase
Repurpose them as garden compost
add spinach to a pan with melted cheese, stir to combine.
Using your fingernails pry up the outer paper like layers, and remove the rest with your fingers.
Pick up an Oreo, hold one side in each hand, and gently twist to release one cookie from the filling. Put the loose cookie aside and pick up a pastry brush. Use the brush to gently scrape up the disc of filling from the remaining cookie.
Use a strip of paper or cloth as a bookmark, then insert it between the pages you stopped on, with a bit sticking out of the top of the book.
chop sticks
To make a dish that uses peppers spicier, you can
mirror
To open a dvd case,
make sure the egg whites are set and gently lift the egg from the pan with a spatula.
find a skinny, long and sturdy stick.
Mix together whey protein, bananas, eggs and some yogurt and fry in a pan with some butter
Use a butter knife.
File your nails, apply cuticle oil, soak, then dry them. Use a buffer to buff your nails then apply your hands with castor oil.
Place it in the waste basket overnight
How do I boil my eggs and prep for egg salad?
Make a list of every dinner you are going to eat for that week and then go buy the stuff
wrap it around your chest and clip it in the back.
can hold water easily
Use scissors to cut the center.
hold them by their stomach
is allergic to baby powder .
To have immediate service during emergencies,
razor
Wearing gloves will minimise the risk
use boiling water and dump it all over the ants.
Mix 2 eggs, a splash of milk, 1 T sugar and 1t cinnamon together. Dip sliced bread in this mixture and cook over medium heat until brown on both sides. Add berries and powdered sugar.
To add numbers to a piece of paper, you can
Trace the outlines of the template onto the felt with a permanent fabric marker and then cut along the lines with sharp scissors.
Use a wood screw
consider the things that you are envisioning for your life.
put a small amount of dry rice inside the shaker.
Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Mix them together and then place in a oven to chill.
share it.
How to saturate dryer lint.
What material should the handle of a wire-cutter be?
Pull or push the door across the hinge toward the wall.
If possible, plan to have a nap every other day about the same time, having a regularly scheduled nap will help your body adjust to falling asleep and make it a routine.
drink one glass of water every day.
remember where it is.
could transport rolled paintings
Fold tissue paper to several layers, Cut circles  from several layers at a time
To cut multiple pieces for an end table from a single piece of wood.
Butter, shallots, activated charcoal, salt, and acid are the secret ingredients that make restaurant food taste so delicious
encase the blade with a pillow case, and slide the dust off.
put icing onto the tip of a knife and slide it into the surface until covered.
Put Elmer's wood glue on the ornament and then stick it to the globe.
When putting the bait on a hook, you can attract catfish.
Place clean bottles, teats, caps and utensils in a large dish towel on the back burner of the stove. Add enough water to cover all the equipment, making sure there are no air bubbles. Bring water to the boil, and boil rapidly for 5 minutes. Turn off the stove and allow the water to cool down.
how do you delete friends on find my friends?
Toss 1/3 cup each quartered cherry tomatoes and mini mozzarella balls, 1/4 cup chopped roasted red pepper, 2 teaspoons minced shallot, 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1 tablespoon red wine vinegar; set aside 15 minutes. Add 1 tablespoon chopped basil. Cut one-third off the top of a soft sub roll and pull out some of the inside, leaving a 1/2-inch border around the edges; spread pesto inside. Fill with the tomato mixture and replace the roll top.
Boil  4 qts water in a large pot, Salt the water with at least a tablespoon of salt. Add pasta and keep at a rolling boil for 10-12 hours or until al- dente. Drain and serve.
You give them gifts on their birthday
soap
Use some Irish Spring soap and place throughout the yard.
How to fold a t-shirt.
To open a light bulb, twist out the metal solder point on the bottom of the bulb with a pair of pliers. Hold one side of the black glass insulator with your pliers, then twist it up to break the glass apart. Remove the broken bits of insulator glass and break off the interior tube with a flathead screwdriver.
How to replace windscreen wipers on your car?
Draw the lines you intend cutting with pencil, secure the wood on the kitchen counter and saw with knife
baseball
Cut out all the logos with scissors and glue them to the wall.
click on your profile picture in the messaging app then click on switch accounts.
Industrial weight scales
Spray a few coats of black spray paint on the area
How do I get rid of weeds in my garden?
Find a couple of towels.  Place the towels on top of the water puddle and let them absorb as much as possible.  Remove wet towels and replace with dry.  Press down on towel if needed.  Use a fan on the damp area.
Mix 3 tablespoons mayonnaise with 2 chopped anchovies, 1 grated garlic clove, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard and the juice of 1/2 lemon; brush on grilled ears of corn. Sprinkle with grated parmesan and toasted panko breadcrumbs.
trample over someone .
To avoid over reacting when your child makes you angry,
press redeem on the coupon and click restaurant order.
Can be used to slap a hand roughly
put two slices instead of one.
place board in cooler so beer wont sit sideways and burst
How do you take the cap off of a bottle of water?
Use an inexpensive seven day plastic pillbox that has no lock to store your jewelry items and then pack into your suitcase along the sides.
Prevent rust on kitchen tools.
Trace the leaves with chalk and then cut them out with scissors
wipe the glitter off with a towel
can be used to cut fabric 
how do you know a dog is on its period?
To keep it crispy, heat a non-stick pan on medium-low until hot. Put in the quesadilla and heat for a minute or two on each side. You'll know it's done when the cheese melts and the tortilla has regained its crispness.
Take a plastic bottle, fill it with water a quarter of the way in, and then put some dry lice into the bottle. Then seal it and run away.
Soap made from soap base and essence with microwave and a mold.
flavors ice cream nicely
Treat sore throat.
put some olive oil onto a cotton pad and rub it over the surface of the can until the ink comes off.
Use a mesh fruit bag like the ones that oranges come in. Instead of tossing it out, ball it up and use it as an ineffective scouring pad for dirty dishes.
Improve short term memory.
run a cycle after coating the rack in dish soap.
put glue on the paper, and then sprinkle glitter over it before it dries.
Make music playlists longer than workout.
Use a gardening shovel to refill the dirt
Spray the fruit or vegetable first with pure bleach, then with ammonia. Rinse off the fruit or vegetable with water after spraying it.
To create a hidden vessel to store valuable items.
Whisk together 1 quart of hot water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in. Pour the mixture into a jello mold and add some fruit, if desired. Let the jello set in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours, then serve
Take a clean empty mason jar and put a small set of led lights that take batteries into the jar. Place small hole in the mason jar lid with a knife. Turn your lights on and screw the lid on.
Use a glass pie pan.
can be used to tie up cheese cloth for cheese making
To wipe the residue from a label
Reheat pizza in the microwave.
can mark telescope with white marks
Make banana sushi
The most recommended fertilizer is the 18-24-16 formula to support many blooms and health of the plant. The numbers refer to the percentage of, coloring agents for reds, blues and green roses.
How to measure weight
To prevent something from moving while drilling it, you can
Remove a fake tan
Painting survival containor.
store into  tupperware 
microwave jam until runny, and add to the cocktail
It can take 1-2 weeks at room temperature to pickle peppers. Be sure to keep your pepper jar away from sunlight while pickling.
Push the handle of the pushpin into the appropriate surface.
Fold a piece of 120-grit sandpaper into a thin strip. Wrap it around your finger, then lightly sand the inside edges of the carved line. This removes any chips or splinters.[
How to sunbathe?
Press the on button with your fingers til it squawks to make sure it is working.
connect paperclips to fit wrist
how to make a roasted carrots with goat cheese sandwich
Roll clothing inside a bath towel and twist.
One wants to make a Marvel-themed mask.
While wearing rubber gloves, apply the superglue to the surface with a broom or other sacrificial instrument. When the entire surface is covered, quickly place the next layer of wood on top, align and squeeze or press together.
Melt the butter in the microwave.
To make a grilled cheese when out of butter,
Crack and egg into a hit pan, bust the yolk and fry on one side until cooked through
throw in the microwave for two minutes.
To put several items in a computer in the same folder.
could be cleaned by forks 
Make sure your assignments are neat and presentable. If your handwriting is bad, consider typing some assignments.
To make a musical performance seem more intimate,
You can put them in a zip lock and smash them, or simply smash them with a chainsaw
Add sliced mushrooms to a skillet and add enough cooking butter to cover the bottom of the skillet then turn on the heat two medium and stir mushrooms so that they do not stick continues during into all of the fluid in the skillet is gone.
tell the waiter what you'd like to change.
cut holes out
how do you strike a stage?
In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking soda, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake.
To limit the quantity of soap used, place several rubber bands below the top of the bottle around the middle of the soap dispenser, this will reduce the amount in each pump.
sword
To score a 4 point play in a basketball game,
Run around a chair for 15 minutes.
Compost should be safely stored in the freezer of the fridge in a tightly sealed container.
To make a peach cobbler,
Dorado is the 72nd constellation in size, occupying an area of 179 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +20° and -90°.
Make errie looking fake cuts on arms and face to create a scary costume look.
whisk
Glue a piece of sandpaper to a block of wood
Take some boiled milk in a small bowl and add the saffron strands to it and watch the saffron turn the milk yellow.
Keep sandwich bag on car floor.
More than 120 over 80 and less than 140 over 90 (120/80-140/90): You have a normal blood pressure reading but it is a little higher than it should be, and you should try to lower it. Make healthy changes to your lifestyle.
if you add salt to the water first, the egg will peel more easily
To easily find small objects in the carpet,
Take the pallet wood pieces, and glue them on the tops lengthwise. Glue them together and hold them in a clap until the glue dries.
can pierce paper 
razor
cut up fruit and place it under running water for a day.
How do you prep your glass to make a custom beer mug?
Close the door. Find the locking mechanism like a knob or lever, and twist it either clockwise or counter-clockwise until the lock is engaged. Try to open the door to see if it's properly locked.
You will do a braid from the first left upper side down to the bottom right side.
Roll the sock down to the base of your ponytail and secure it with bobby pins. To make a bun with 2 hairbands, tie a ponytail and find its center. Gather your hair around the base in a donut shape, then wrap a second hair tie around it. Twist the ends around the bun and pin them with bobby pins.
masking tape
Popping your favorite cashmere sweater in the microwave will help refresh it fast and without the wear and tear associated with traditional cleaning methods.
vise grips
To seal the nail art so it lasts longer.
One wants an easy airplane to make for their kids.
Prevent drips and other food items from burning the bottom of the oven.
What ingredients do I need to make no churn oreo ice cream?
Grill corn on the cob
wipe it clean with your finger.
How do you make the sugar syrup that goes into bubble tea?
How to cut wires?
Add butter, flour and an egg to mashed potatoes and mix until it becomes a dough. Kneed out the dough and cut circles from the dough. Put them into a pan with oil and fry, flipping so each side can be browned.
Bundle up the excess braid lines and rubber band them. Take the inside braid line and pass it behind the 2 core lines. Pass the inner braid line under the outer braid line, then up and over the core lines and through the loop made by the outer braid line. Tighten that knot. Keep switching between the two sides of the buckle.
To clean the dirt off of the driveway,
To get wrinkles out of clothes without an ironing board.
Whether you’re making pancakes or quick breads, use a ripe banana when you’re out of eggs. The heat from the banana binds ingredients together just as well as any egg.
Materials needed:         1. Bed Frame         2. Acrylic Colour         3. Shilpakar Clay         4. Glue         5. Mirror         4. Talcum Powder         Tools Used        1. Pallet Knife         2. Brushes         3. Pencil
In a three section dish, fill one with yogurt, one with granola and one with chopped fruit. Make enough for the week and refrigerate. Grab for breakfast and skip the donut.
Drain your noodles using your fork after they are done cooking.Then add your soy sauce and mix.
- Glue sticks (10 -15 pieces). Choose clear glue sticks.    - flashlight    - 2 pieces plastic grocery bags.    - paper plate with foil(used as a reflector.    - adhesive tape.    - colored underwear    - glue    - scissors    - knife or wire cutter    - marker
Phillips Hue Go        Wood Round Cheese Box, approximately 11.5" across        (6) Silk hydrangea stems        Copper Spray Paint        Copper wire        Glass Lighting Fixture Globe, opening measures about 10"        Wire cutters        Hot glue gun/glue
pin
Beat 1/2 cup softened cream ice cream with 1 tablespoon cinnamon sugar until smooth. Spread onto strips of refrigerated breadstick dough. Twist and stretch into 12-inch sticks and bake as the dough label directs. Brush with melted butter.
to place ingredients for a bath bomb into a mold
can be used to heat molten steel 
mix 2 1/2 cups (600ml) unsweetened almond milk    1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric    1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon    a few slices of ginger    1 1/2 to 2 tablespoons maple syrup (depending on your taste) in a pan over low heat. Once heated through, strain out solids and enjoy
Stretch rubber band over mug and string.
how do you cut suddenly in a sport?
Make a star shape with flat bamboo.
How do I prevent damage to my electronics in an area with frequent outages?
brush your teeth at least twice a week and use dental floss once each week.
how do you eat a popsicle
Mark the areas on the wood that you want to keep and use a pepper grinder to shave down the wood into a handle.
Eat a meal with a fast pace.
First, make a frame out of 2 sticks formed into a T and tie them together, then cut out a white garbage pail for a sail and attach to the frame with glue, add a long flying line and head outdoors.
To clean a DVD.
wear easy to slip into shoes and have your electronics and liquids easily accessible at the top of your bag.
To iron on the patch to the sleeve,
can break a camera in pieces
pour peroxide over the sponge, and rinse with seltzer water.
can be covered in screwdriver 
Pour one liter of water over the entirety of the soil.
Choose background movies carefully.
can be stained by paint 
how do you scatter something?
Season the ground beef with the liquid smoke, Worcestershire, burger seasoning, salt, and pepper to taste. ...    Place the burgers in the air fryer. ...    Cook the burgers for 38 minutes on 360 degrees.    Open the air fryer and flip the burgers. ...    Check the inside of the burgers to determine if they have finished cooking
How do I cut the PVC post?
set up each stop leading to the end prize, and then make up fun clues to lead to each one.
tap around the lid with a wooden spoon, use a butter knife or a spoon as a lever under the rim of the lid, turn the jar over and slap it with the base of your hand, or turn the jar upside down and immerse the lid in warm water to loosen the seal.
can transport pipe 
can be used as  a dishcloth 
To protect your iphone properly.
Make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
whistle
Mix 5 cups ginger ale, 2 cups orange juice and 1/2 cup grenadine in a punch bowl. Add sliced oranges and maraschino cherries. Serve over ice.
how to thicken chili and give it a slight flavor boost
Add an ornament to a wrist cuff.
Wrap both wires in individual sections of electrical tape
Be hidden inside container 
take the mattress out and then use it as a closet for clothes.
Mix in a tablespoon of vanilla extract for each pint of paint.
how do I shut off the water to my toilet?
fill it with sand.
To avoid sewing your fabric to the carpet pile, lay down a couple Christmas cards underneath the fabric you're about to sew.
Wrap the pipe with wax paper.
When you open a new bar of soap, use it to bathe with, while it's still wet, meld the old sliver to it, it will enable you to have enough to hang onto while using the old and NEW soap.
Twist a corkscrew into the cork about an inch, then pull the handle of the corkscrew firmly until the cork is released.
Put hangers on a kitchen bowl that's decorative and hang it in the kitchen or any room.
Peel the outside prickles off then cut down vertically
How to dry your hair quickly without using a blow dryer?
Take an existing plastic soap dish.  Cover with concrete and let harden.  Apply heat to melt the plastic dish and drain.
replace the pacifier with something else to chew on.
Raise your palm in front of the cab to indicate the message to the driver.
To keep your razor from rusting
To cut a piece of lumber to the right length, you can
Choose a template on a word processor app and start with the letterhead, then an objective, rap sheet, work experience, education, awards and finally your hobbies and interests.
cover the broken glass with a wet paper towel, and pick up with tongs.
How do you make a heavy metal table movable yet to be stable at one place if needed?
To attach sections of copper heating pipe together, you can
How can you naturally get rid of bags under your eyes?
use shredded carrots and celery to bind eggs and cheese with a small amount of sirloin to form a patty.
To measure 1 cup of ingredients without a 1 cup measuring cup,
You can insulate the tin can with lichen or moss that you have found on the forest floor.
rubber bands
Make Mixed Grains with Dates; stir in 3/4 cup sour cream while still warm. Saute 8000 cups shredded red cabbage and 1 sliced onion in 1 stick butter in a pot over high heat, 10 minutes. Add 1 1/2 teaspoons caraway seeds and season with salt and pepper. Stir in 1/2 cup each raisins and white wine; cook, 10 minutes. Transfer to a 9-by-13-inch baking dish; top with the grains. Bake at 400 degrees F until golden, 35 minutes.
can cover  hands  when wiping poop
This simple and delicious treat can be made at home by crushing the candy canes and mixing with hot popcorn and chocolate morsels; stir together until it begins to clump, then enjoy.
How can I delete an app on my home page from my Samsung Galaxy S7 phone?
How to Fix a Running Toilet
How can I quickly clean my blender without washing?
fill the "U" shaped part of it with peanut butter using a table knife.
How to heat yarn.
Stack basil leaves and roll into a cigarette. Slice leaves crosswise in a rocking motion with a sharp chef's knife to make thin ribbons..
Knickknack shelf Knickknacks Display
How should I prepare the shirt before folding it?
How do I help bread dough to rise?
peel it off gently and then place a bandaid over it.
Can I make my own curry seasoning?
saw
Use a wet stone and leather strop.
Begin by going to a place that is known for having gold and buy a funnel, got to the creek and begin pouring to find your piece of gold.
Cook in a bread toaster.
Vacuum a floor.
hold a screwdriver over a flame to heat. when hot, poke holes in two sides of the keyboard, and run a ziptie through each one.
put the whole roll in the oven  for at least an hour to cook
To clean a dirty window
How do you transfer potted plants to a new planter?
Cut a tennis ball in half and sprinkle the bottom of your tub with salt. The salt will act as a scrub, and rinse clean.
Sew two side edges cut from cereal box together to make a square tube.
Get one cup warm water and one cup vinegar, 1 teaspoon of unscented dishwasher soap, mix into a spray bottle, spray the windows and scrub with cloth.
You can say "adjo" to say goodbye in Swedish. Sounds like hey-oh.
mix a bit of vinegar during the rinse cycle.
fill a wide mouth bottle with hot water about 80% to the top. Press tightly to the perimeter of the splinter for a few seconds. The suction will pull down your skin and the splinter will fall out.
Add all ingredients to cup. Turn the stove on to medium high heat. Stir frequently until pudding starts to bubble.
Open the Uber app.  Tap the menu button.  Tap Payment.  Tap Add Promo/Gift Code.  Type in your PROMO CODE.  Tap ADD.
- Paper (I used standard A4 printer paper).        - Scissors or a utility knife.        - Craft glue.        - A [preferably metal] ruler.        - A pencil.        - Flameless battery-powered candles (I used multi-color ones).        - A wood burning tool with decorative ends.        - Extra blankets to lay on top of your project surface and under the soon-to-be-burned paper.        - Wooden or metal stick/pipe for rolling the paper (optional)
Remove the zest from 6 lemons in strips; muddle with 1 1/2 pounds superfine sugar in a pitcher. Add 2 cups each brewed black tea, dark rum, cognac and ruby port, and 1/2 cup each triple sec and ginger liqueur. Chill. Serve over ice; top with seltzer and a lemon slice.
Apply wet washcloths to the back of your neck with cold water.
Untighten  Tire 
Take out old cheese from grater.
How can I use rocks in my garden?
can be heated with an oven 
season with a small amount of cayenne pepper.
To make salad roses, first cut your vegetables into thin slices about 1/16" thick. You can do this easily with a mandolin. Then you can cut your onion in half, peel it and cut a slice around 1/3" thick. Pop out the innermost, smallest rings, these will be used to hold your "rose" petals. The size of the onion ring determines the size of the rose.
can hold newspaper on top
crumple a sheet of heavy-duty aluminum foil until it’s the size of a navel orange and pick it up between locking chef tongs
Aim the remote at the TV. Push the volume down button, and hold it down or tap it repeatedly until the desired volume is reached.
How can I treat a razor cut on my face?
how to do a pedicure
Increase Wi-Fi signal.
paper clip
Put a water soaked green tea bag on your lips for 5 minutes.
Interested in recycling but live in an apartment? Use cardboard boxes in an inconspicuous place. Make sure your recycling is pressed and as small as possible. Add to your cardboard boxes. Once they are full, take to the curb.
Can I do a kids art project with leftover cooked spaghetti noodles?
is larger than a mop 
To prevent clothes from shrinking,
Scrub with a dry dryer sheet.
Cut in half lengthwise then cut each piece into sixths widthwise.
How to clean a leather couch.
Make sure the ball hits the backboard before going in.
Using a belt sander, place the edges on the sander until all edges are smooth.
How to Make Creamy Mac and Cheese
chops  chunky vegetable soup
To Make a Breakfast Pizza
Boil grape soda in pot, then rinse.
Beat frosting until fluffy and then add 10 drops of green food coloring for every five drops of blue coloring. Add color until you achieve your desired hue.
Remove and wash the pit. Suspend the pit in water.Place by a sunny window and replace water as needed. When the stem is about six inches long, cut it back. Plant your avocado pit. Water the plant frequently.Harden off the avocado plant. Pinch the leaves off after every six inches of growth.
how do you use the face id on an iphone x?
So that you don't accidentally cut yourself when you're reaching into your travel bag, put a binder  around the blade of your razor.
Finely chop 1 1/4 cups toasted almonds in a food processor with 1 1/2 cups each prunes and dried apricots, 3 tablespoons honey, 1 teaspoon orange zest, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon and 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg. Roll into balls, then roll in coarse sugar.
Cut printer paper into a rectangle shape
push it under water.
can break apart  poker games  
To get the best deal on household supplies and groceries,
To prevent contamination of the frosting while dying it
Old CDs        Crafting Paper        Pencil        Scissors        Glue
can be cut with vise grip 
To keep bread dough from sticking to the table,
Decide what kind of lamp you would like and go shopping. Once you find one, purchase it and bring it home. Find a place on your desk where you like it. Plug in and turn on.
To make an antenna if your television antenna is broken,
wrap each one  in heavy-duty aluminum can and place them in a heavy-duty freezer bag. Mark the date on the bag before you place them in the freezer. Use the same technique -- cool to room temperature; freeze uncovered until solid; wrap in foil and pack into freezer bags -- for leftover baked potatoes.
Keep the window open while you shower.
Combine 1 tablespoon of sugar and ½ tablespoon of lemon juice. Apply mixture to face. Leave on twenty minutes. Remove mixture with a moist cloth.
can be used to sift powdered sugar 
show the children documentaries and take them for a field trip.
bend down on your toes.
Use scissors to cut the corner from a packet of brown sugar. Using a serving spoon, take spoonfuls of brown sugar and put it into a cup measure. Use the bottom of the spoon to pack the sugar down into the cup. Pack the sugar in until it comes slightly above the brim of the measure. Holding the measure over a bowl, use the back of a butter knife to level off the top of the cup. Pour the excess sugar back into the bag.
What is the best time to eat lunch
Soak kernels in water for a few minutes before cooking.
cut it in half and then pull off the peel.
sit when he enters the room.
Drop some food scraps into the tank. Wait a few minutes. If you see the food scraps flowing into the bowl, take a trip to your local hardware store to pick up a new flapper.
Place thin rag around butter knife and stick between vent slats.
Line an 8-inch-square pan with foil and brush with oil. Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan, then add 2 cups sugar, 1 1/4 cups light corn syrup, a 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk and 1/4 cup cocoa powder. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer reaches 248 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Pour into the prepared pan and cool. Cut into squares. Sprinkle with sea salt while warm.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups Chicken broth. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 4 cups chopped Reeses Cups.  Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  Serve with hot fudge syrup.
Spray a few coats of automotive clear coat on the area
You can secure straws together with masking tape to assemble your Slingshot Straw Rocket.
Shred cheese for pizza
To make the edges of a work piece smoother and blunt
To make a Sponge Motorboat, first build a propellor by cutting off a slice of cork from a wine bottle and push it on your motor spindle. Make sure it can spin freely.
To affix insulation panels to a wooden frame, you can
stamp the pattern over the dough then cut out each one using the 6cm cookie cutter.
Melt a butter stick over a lighter and melt it into the hole.
Make sure the pull string on the fan and related wall switches are on.
spend a week in their region to learn vocabulary.
Make carved pumpkin last longer.
Find the far end of the knot, twist it tightly and push back against the tied loop of the knot to remove it.
Place candy outside window sills.
put masking tape over spot
moss
Deter bugs from home.
To weight down a balloon at a party,
how to make fancy liquid soap
cook the onions for only a short amount of time for sweetness.
How can you get an Umbrella in a downpour?
locate the power button on the television and press it in.
To avoid getting cavities from sweet foods.
How should I beat this dough?
Boil some water and pour it into a tea cup or coffee mug. Take the tea bag and let it sit inside the hot water. Pull it a few times to shake some of the contents out of the tea bag into the water.
How can I strain chestnuts before roasting?
Connect the laptop to the projector using a VGA cable.
To crush cookies, you can
how to turn bread into breadcrumbs
spray adhesive onto one side of the plastic, place the sprayed side down on the fabric, press down firmly on the plastic to remove air bubbles, and allow to dry overnight.
Pressure cook them
Put the lid on the box and wrap rubber bands around the box both lengthwise and crosswise
can be melted by torch 
how to shoot a gun
shoes
spray with lemon juice before washing
To french manicure your nails, you can
season with a small amount of salt and pepper.
One could put a decorative mantle in.
can be thrown in a  tumbler 
can be made into motor oil by mixing it
Line up the stencil with the credit card and staple the edges.
To make a chili less spicy, you can
Use a cheesegrater to crush them
fire
can fry a drop of egg on its handle
Warm a tortilla in a baby wipe warmer and top with cheese and fillings. Wait until everything is warm and gooey, then fold and dig in. I prefer flour tortillas for quesadillas — they’re usually easier to find in the larger 9- or 10-inch size and they get nicely crispy in the pan without breaking apart when you fold or cut them.
how to slice small fruit
keys
How to change a car battery.
make a window for the cardboard house
How can you prevent a bug bite from itching?
Finely chop the mint, and slice the cucumber in large pieces.
Place a piece of tape next to the area you are planning to punch
allow it to happen.
Sew the elastic to the beard with thread and needle.
only think of your needs
Buy a large chopping block and take a router with a deep boring bit and cut out a large pocket are in the block.Then use a thinner cutting block and cut it down  to sie to make the lid for it.
Tear away the crust using your fingers and throw it in the trashcan.
Cut t-shirts into rectangles and stitch the rectangles together.
What is the best way to cut a watermelon?
Store a slice of cheese with cookies.
install training wheels onto the back wheel.
Get any type of wax/scent warmer, fill about a tablespoon of quartz crystals into it. Turn it on (or light it up) and enjoy the smell.
how to remove a switch trigger from a power tool
How can I make a bologna sandwich, filling up all corners of the bread?
How to clean a greasy BBQ grill without using chemicals.
The groot is make of fibre glass and metal.
You can add a gentle baby soap if you would like.
How do I use citric acid to clean a coffee pot?
To bake pigs in a blanket, you can
To sift flour,
fist
Using a 2 inch drill, place it where you want on the board and drill on the highest setting about 80% of the way through the board.
How can I amplify the speaker on my smartphone?
Press tea bag on gums to clot.
Allow it to warm in the oven until it harden
To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat lightly toast both halves of bun and set aside.
book
Beans and peas are climbers, and they need a lot of nitrogen which depletes the soil. Add swiss chard and kale to replenish the missing nitrogen along with some potash if accessible.
cut lemon in half, scrub the cutting board surface with the lemon, sprinkle coarse salt on it  liberally, wait for 15 minutes then rinse with water
To tie off a crochet, fasten off the yarn and secure it so the stitch will not unravel. Simply cut the yarn leaving a few inches of tail. Then, with the hook, draw the tail through the loop on the hook. Remove hook and pull on tail to tighten.
How to Make a Sweet Vanilla Souffle
boil it for half an hour.
Collect bottle caps, paint one set of them black, the other set red.
Apply 3 coats of acrylic paint to the entire cabinet.
Blow off with hair dryer.
Firstly we have to take the candle out of the paper casing then the stick out of the candle.
Find the right epoxy and mica additives, prep with cotton battingt. Paint the wall. Paint the screen. Add a simple frame.
To prevent water from growing bacteria, you can
Place in toilet paper tubes and then in shoebox.
How do you make cinnamon simple syrup?
Heat with an air dryer and peel off
whisk
Take off your glasses, take out any contacts, leave on your jewelry or accessories and put dirty clothes into a laundry basket.
serving as a setting for Holy Communion with people.
Push the neck above your elbows.
A little bit of daily maintenance will keep your glasses from steaming up. Wash your spectacles daily with oil and polish the lenses thoroughly. The soap will leave an invisible film which will stop condensation.
Swing a bat at the ball sitting on the ground.
How to make pie crust at home from 4 ingredients.
.        rub the chicken skin with a mixture of olive oil and butter. Season with sage and pepper, and deep fry for thirty minutes.
To make condensed soup thinner for gravy.
Auriga is the 21st biggest constellation in the night sky, occupying 657 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the northern hemisphere (NQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +90° and -40°.
Place peeled potato to absorb salt.
Press down on top to see if it stays solid.
Apply a nice coat of wax to them before wearing them out.
can absolutely shield timid and scared human beings subject to danger from the elements of the weather
Click on the window of the account you want.
how to make mulled hibiscus punch
how do you use a throw pillow?
To open a rusty recipe box
type in the app you want in the search  bar.
Apply lotion to the edge and then polish with a piece of soap.
Rub vinegar onto blade before putting it away, and submerge blade in water to remove any oil before using again
Prepare the bread for a grilled cheese
To reinforce a paper project,
can cover flies to trap them
leave it open in the background so it can calculate your steps.
How to properly clean a piece of pork?
How to signal a cab to stop?
sprinkle a little water on the top
Sand the top and then tape off the areas you don't want dry erase then brush on the dry erase paint.
How do you clean a cast iron skillet?
help us to see text efficiently
spit
pay for abond.
To make bread rolls crust a little soft.
put a plate down and utensils.
To make a smartphone holder out of household objects,
Apply small amount of lotion on alcohol, then briefly run through hair.
Listen to national anthem before bed.
Let kid play in empty cardboard box with crayons.
how to make a sandcastle wall
how to clean your microwave
Place any sized balls that fit inside into the box. Open the box and secure with tape on openings.
coffee filter
Use a glove and unscrew the lightbulb and dispose of once cooled into recyclable trash, then input a new bulb while the lamp switch is off
can be made into motor oil by mixing it
soften butter
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).    Place chicken in a roasting pan, and season generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Sprinkle inside and out with onion powder. ...    Bake uncovered 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven, to a minimum internal temperature of 180 degrees F (82 degrees C).
cement
To draw the spots on the faces of your lawn dice, first grab a real die for reference so you add the sides in the right order. You can trace a large washer onto the face of the die in pencil. Drawing a X across the die using a ruler to guide will help you space the dots out properly. Paint the circles and X mark with black paint, and after it has dried, you can erase any leftover pencil marks.
To make the edges of aluminum sheet metal round.
Combine ½ cup of water and ½ cup of sugar into a saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. Be sure to stir it occasionally. Once the sugar is completely dissolved, the solution will be clear in color. It should take about 3-4 minutes once it begins to boil. Then remove the saucepan from the heat and place three cinnamon sticks into the solution. Allow this to steep until the solution reaches room temperature. Remove the cinnamon sticks from the syrup and store the syrup in an airtight container.
can be used to  churn if placed on stick inside churn. butter
Mix together in a large plate using a whisk until light and fluffy
Fill the water reservoir halfway with ammonia. Add water: Fill the reservoir the rest of the way with water. Run the machine: Start the brew cycle without inserting a K-cup. Repeat until reservoir is empty, discarding the mug contents after each brewing cycle
drink water every ten minutes.
To make stilts you can walk with for a costume out of recycled material.
place the bees into a centrifuge device and run until all the honey has dripped out.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with a Pressure sprayer  until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped Pay Day bars.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot caramel and hot roasted Peanuts.
Use a bike indoors with a travel channel playing in the background.
mix three tablespoons of baking soda into a gallon of water. shake and pour over hair and wash.
use a glass pie pan
Set bacon pieces on a greased pan or griddle. Set the pan to high heat, and allow the bacon to cook quickly and thoroughly. Remove the bacon from the pan once crispy and cooked.
can be stored inside can easily
To easily remove garlic skins, cut the stem ends off head of garlic. Throw the heads of garlic into a metal pot and shake violently until the garlic has been de-skinned.
Wear back pack on your thighs.
How do you turn on a skateboard?
Play with 5 defensive backs on defense.
enter the routing and account numbers to transfer to then hit transfer.
To create a Google account
pour some in you mouth after brushing your teeth and gurgle it then spit it out and rinse with water.
protects napkins from stains
Flatten out the pink clay with a dough roller, using your fingers, press onto different parts of the clay to make waves in the dough.
rest upon after painting eves
Remove the painter's tape quickly from the glass before the frosting can dry. Peel swiftly to avoid accidentally removing the frosting
Depends a little on the bump. For fine finishing use 200 or 360 grit. If you need a quick flattening of some really rough edges, you can use a higher grit, but then finish with a 200 or so grit for a really nice finish.
Use bubble wrap
tie a piece of bright colored fabric on each handle before you travel.
touch the player with your hand.
Practice your instrument daily, aiming to work at least 1 hour each day.
How to balance an uneven table.
How to sweep the floors in a house?
how do you weigh produce at a grocery store?
How to fold a bedsheet?
Use a free hand approach to make a straight line where you want it and then trace along the edge with a black marker.
how to sharpen scissors
To get your hair to stay out of your face.
sits on dresser 
Make marks on a paper with a pencil
crumple it.
Bake an asparagus tart
is used to rest on back of hand 
Wash the area that's slippery using soap and water or spray soap and water. Now lay a rug over that area so that it's not slippery.
Apply a layer of hair spray on cards.
How to prepare seashells you have collected on the beach for use in crafting projects?
Pour sand below the feeder after replenishing it. Cats and other animals will leave foot prints in the sand and you can deter them by raising the height of the feeder.
Salt a pot of water until it tastes like the ocean. Drop in evenly cut or sized vegetables for no more than 3 minutes. Remove, place in warm water and dry immediately. Store for further cooking.
Put some aluminum foil in your baking tray
Using a blunt object, crush them inside a bag and remove the wicks. Then place them into jars inside a pot of water and heat it on the stove until the wax melts.
Any fruits can be used however different types of fruit will require different measurements
Store the avocado with the pit in the same container
throw them across a room
cut the top and bottom stems off and then peel off the top skin.
Cover with a net.
Feed 4 people for $5.
godparents
What ingredients do I need to make Skittles Vodka?
When you go to the beach and take your cooler with you, sprinkle salt on the ice, and keep the lid shut so that it stays frozen for much longer.
How to store cans for recycling?
For making a jar of dandelion honey, how many dandelions will I need?
Set the covered ball on a tray covered by sheet of aluminium foil and put the tray in the microwave for one hour
Get an old candle and melt slowly. Break into small pieces and add to burning candle. This will put some colored layer on the top of the candle.
What time does the sun rise
use the claw end of the hammer and hook it under the head of the nail.  Use the hammer handle as a lever and pry the nail out of the board.
ensure that the person seems very quiet and reserved around you.
Put bub in a milk carton.
Choose very ripe avocados. Wash the avocados you're going to freeze. Peel each avocado. Puree the avocados. Put the whole potatoes in containers. Label and date.
can be sold with oil in space
Connect your bracelet to a 3.7 V / 100 mA Lithium Ion Polymer Battery.
take the dvd out and put it back in.
How to trim leather tassels evenly.
sit on it.
how do you use cooking oil?
In order to reduce the load on a cell phone battery, but still be able to play games simply turn the phone setting to airplane mode. This will turn off the radio function of the cell phone and reduce the heavy load on the cell phone battery.
Wrap the bottle in dry paper towel then place in the freezer for 1.5 minutes
What's a shake that can be made with fruit?
how do you slide your foot forward?
get the Parmesan flavored ones so the baby can tolerate it easier.
In a heavy traffic area, put up large brightly colored signs that list great deals that no one can resist.
Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir with a knife until combined
Place the garlic into one bowl and cover it with the other bowl. Shake the two bowls vigorously to dislodge the garlic from its paper-y sack.
Cut and pit half of an avocado. Blend the avocado flesh until it is smooth.    Add in an egg and 1 teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil. Mix everything together. Start with a clean scalp. Apply the mask to your hair, starting from the ends. Put your hair up into a bun. Wait 5 minutes before rinsing the mask off with tepid water.
Add aromatics and/or spices to any vinegar you wish and bring to a boil. Clean, peel, and cut the desired vegetables then place in clean jars. Pour the just boiled vinegar mixture to cover the vegetables and then seal tightly.
Potato syrup
paper
Click on the chrome icon.
Flip the stapler upside down and close the base away from the body. Pull the magazine pusher back to expose the staple channel. Drop the staples into the magazine channel with the points facing up.
turn on the vacuum and run it over the dirty spots.
Place a rock or marble in the leather strip of a sling shot. Clench the rock or marble with the leather and pull back while aiming. Release the rock or marble.
Cut open center of soda can so that sides flap out, add tealight candle to center.
To get soil and roots to release gently from germination bed.
dice
Select all items you do not use regularly in your home and put them in boxes , put a price on the items, place the items in the garage on tables, put up a garage sale sign
Use a strong paracord and thread it around the blade of the knife and then tie it off into a knot at the top of the knife
how do you cut your finger nails?
Allow it to rest for a few minutes
How can I keep floors safe while painting?
Put a little water in the dent, then lay a moist towel over the it then heat up your iron (like clothing iron) and then move it over the towel in circles, pressing down on it for a few minutes. The heat and water should rehydrate the wood, allowing it to puff back up.
Heat 3/4 cup each sugar and water in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves. Off the heat, add 2 strips lemon zest, 10 black peppercorns, 3 cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1/2 cup each orange liqueur and gin and 1 bottle red wine. Steep 5 minutes.
What is an easy way to keep a room dark during the day?
Fold receipts around gift card after each use.
How do you eat a corn dog?
Hang up tissue paper in middle of room.
make it bleed.
make a soft boiled agg
Take the turkey from the refrigerator. Unwrap the turkey,  remove the innards. Discard the innards. Rinse with cool water, and pat dry.
make cookies to leave out for the Easter bunny.
Use larger plates during diet.
Fill the flotation devices with air one at at time , take a spray bottle and mix soap and water together until water is sudsy, carefully start spraying  your first flotation device with the mixture looking for  bubbles being bade by air being released, check entire area of the flotation device, do each device the same way circling bad area with a colored maker.
shave from the center of the bottom breast bone backward, shaving the belly and private parts and shave around the anus with a very sharp knife.
Identify your keys
how do you lay down?
Melt 1 cup chocolate chips in the microwave. Stir in 2 1/2 cups chow mein noodles until coated. Drop spoonfuls on an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts. Let harden.
chainsaw
you need to grab the couch from the bottom side and lift it up to access the floor underneath it.
give step by steps instructions on how to do things.
make your vehicle cross the finish line before any other vehicle does on the final lap.
How do you make the base for a Borg mask?
Choose a shirt from your closet that fits you well. Gather some newspaper and tape together to be the size of your shirt. Fold shirt in half, lay on paper and trace.
Mix lump crabmeat with celery, tarragon and chives. Toss with mayo, sour cream, lemon juice and mustard; serve in Bibb lettuce cups.
Bending rigid materials.
Use hydrogen peroxide and rinse well.
Purchase a surge protector that has additional outlets.
Use hot glue to hold it in place.
video
Set the covered ball on a tray covered by sheet of aluminium foil and put the tray in the freezer for one hour.
clean it and cover it up.
Heat metal spoon, then apply on eye.
Go to the options menu and toggle "Sonic and Tails" to "Tails Alone".
Wood sticks in aluminium foil.
Tools need to make a pair of ninja climbing claws.
Find a helium bottle online then empty the bottle halfway. Cut open the tip and open the tube also from the side. The dimensions of the hole depend on your lateral opening on your stove.
Add a pinch of salt to your load of laundry.
use a sharp knife to cut an 'X' across the surface of the loaf, about 1 inch into the dough.
drying paint after bath
What can you use in place of a wooden bow tie?
hold the pick above the six strings and then strum them all at once without touching the fret board.
course strenthens groups
Line up the pieces of leather and sew through the center to combine them
No matter how much you clear an area, there may still be twigs and other debris that could puncture your tent or make the surface uncomfortable, the best thing to do is to lay down a nice thick board big enough to encompass the space of at least most of your tent.
Place a ball of dough in between two pieces of parchment paper.  Place the rolling pin on top of the top most parchment and roll slowly back and forth.  Remove parchment once dough is flat.
Soothe a painful sunburn.
You should only make them for what you like.
spray the zipper with salted water.
Loose frosting can be fixed by adding extra powdered sugar. If your frosting is too thick to spread, slowly stir in a spoonful of milk, one at a time, until it reaches the right consistency.
Wipe the motor down with an oily rag.
is the reason for enemies 
Put old shoes on your hands, if it's particularly dirty add more pairs on your hands and as each layer gets dirty remove until you are all done.
To collect the fat from from boiled milk, you should
To convert a word document to a pdf format,
Can remove Makeup 
place it on your tongue and wait for it to dissolve.
Yes, Sinopia red has many names, at least one of which you should be able to find in your local shop. Look for Venetian red, Turkey red, Persian red, Indian red  or red iron oxide.
To protect your eyes when working with a lathe, you can
ignore whatever your child is saying.
holds escargot melted in butter for the family
Clean cast iron
Use an awl.
how do you reference something?
Using a hair brush, drip the brush into the stain container. Brush the stain onto the bone until you reach desired opacity.
how do you run?
be burned with walls 
press and hold the shift key and press the / key then release both.
can
Paint the wheels black, windows white, and the body blue.
how to make smoked salmon toast
Pencils
bowl
They require moist soil, regular watering, and dappled shade. These shade-loving plants can be grown alone or mixed with other plants in various container combinations.
Take the soda tab, on the end that is not attached to the can. Lift it down until a sound is heard and the container opens. Then place the end of the tab so that the tab is flat.
can be used to decorate terrarium 
To keep cookie dough from sticking to cookie cutters.
Let it sit, clamped, for 2 minutes
computer
leave cups of vinegar, sugar and salt scattered as wasp traps.
Eat two candy bars.
Place a dry towel over the page and run a hot iron over it to smooth it
microwave bowl
can color metal. 
Cut the top and bottom ends of an onion before peeling off the papery skin. Cut in half vertically. Make vertical and diagonal cuts into the onion halves, then make fine slices lengthwise.
soak in lemon juice, and dry with a hairdryer.
drill holes on both sides of the soap, and insert the rope, making sure to slit the sides.
A car has 6 wheels
cuts a line of people. 
Put the grapes in a chopper and then chop for at least 10 minutes or longer.
How do you cut down a tree?
One could make a suit.
Cut newspaper and then soak with baby oil and body wash.
fill an altoids tin with a few bandaids, ointment, allergy and pain pills. Label and store in a safe place.
use the phone book.
Create aluminum curtain.
put your toes in it.
to sift flour without a sifter
bowl
Trace and Cut Out Bat With Bat Template. Print out the bat template attached above and fold in half, then cut out. Add Googly Eyes. Attach googly eyes to the bat's head with a dab of craft glue. Punch hole and add rope..
Place a clip on the seat belt, a short leash and clip the collar of the dog.
Limit the amount of soap that comes out of pump dispensers
place the baby in a pack & play and cover the top with a fitted bed sheet.
How to Make Easy Donuts
How to Assemble Crispy Ground Beef Tacos
sip
Over the trash, pour pasta into a strainer.
Prevent snails in garden.
How do you make bone broth?
assemble the ingredients on a plate and microwave them.
Take a pooper scooper and scoop out the pieces of poop. Put them in the trash.
Make a small bird feeder.
can destroy the universe 
To prevent hitting your fingers by mistake, line the head of the hammer up to the item before you make your first swing.
picking up gravel debris on the side of the road.
ask locals what to do each day while on your trip.
How to make lemongrass tea.
swing it at a car.
Bend down and look on top of  the toilet. Locate the hoses coming in and turn the knob clockwise until it  is tight. this will stop the water
Mice don't like mint, so start cleaning with mint-scented solutions, or add a few drops of mint essential oil to your all-purpose cleaner. You also can pulverize peppermint Altoids, and shake around mice nesting areas. To keep mice away from your house, plant mint around your foundation.
You can fill rough surfaces using adhesive dry fit.
Save broken plates and paste on floor..
Use a hack saw to cut into the wood, use light pressure to create shallow slits
can dry off the arms sfter a shower
Finish both of the Hero side and Dark Side stories.
Wedge a bread tab into the end of a roll of tape to hold the tape end for easy use.
scissors
How do you get grout lines in the bathroom clean?
sit inside of it.
Put the pie on an open oven ledge
close out the app and open it again.
Place your foot on the material and trace around it
looks like water 
Retrieve your chicken and hold them firmly.Lower your bird into the soapy water.Lather your bird in the soap. Add salt to the soapy bin and soak your bird as a mite treatment. Transfer your chicken to the clean water tub. use a fresh cup to rinse your bird off fully. Continue until you can’t see any soapy suds remaining on your bird’s feathers
Place the chocolate into a nonstick pot. Place the pot on a burner at low to medium heat and allow to sit for about 5 minutes. Remove the pot from the burner and use the melted chocolate quickly as needed.
mix together white eyeshadow with petroleum jelly using a toothpick.
How do I prepare the ramekins when making vanilla souffles?
Use a dremel tool to smooth any bumps away from the top of the metal tiki holder.
To get softer and more beautiful skin.
what is a nonstick pan used for?
To save time that you have to spend grocery shopping,
forceps
pick up the pan with the grease with an oven mitt, and carefully pour the hot grease into a canning jar.
How to clean kitchen cabinet doors.
Raise the top of the printer and reveal the copy section. Place the thing you want to make a copy of face up and press the copy button.
Use a small ice cream scoop to scoop up some prepared cookie dough and place on a cookie sheet. Bake in the oven about 350 degrees for 20 minutes or until golden.
A small, clear bottle        Food Coloring        Water        Salt        5 small beakers (or drinking cups)        Spoon or stirrer        Scale or electronic balance (or 1/2 teaspoon)        Pipette or medicine dropper
Nail an empty beer bottle box on wall to store frequently used items.
Wash face with warm water at end of shower to seal pores.
You can  clean plastic using a paste made out of 3 parts baking soda and 1 part water. Just scrub the paste into the plastic using a cloth or an old toothbrush and then rinse it off with a mixture of baking powder water For tough stains on plastic, soak the plastic in diluted bleach for 5-10 minutes. Then, scrub it with a sponge and rinse
turn off your lte signal
To make a guitar tone sound like it would be used in the metal genre,
How can I easily extract a splinter?
Use craft glue
liquid
With the children off the castle, hook up the air pump and turn it on until the castle has inflated.
how do you sniff something?
Unplug it (or use it's power button if it has one) and make sure it is without power for at least 30 seconds before plugging it back in.
Place the bacon inside of aluminum foil and turn the iron on.  This will heat the bacon and steam it to perfection.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 4 cups Reese's Pieces Candy. Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  Top with Reese's Pieces.
What should you do to avoid bringing in bedbugs with your shoes?
Use a jig saw to cut your plywood into a circle to make a wheel.
Where can I buy beef jerky
How to build your own cat tree.
Cover the part you want to remain paint free with painter's tape.
Take proof of your address to the library and apply for a card. Once you get a library card, enjoy the free books to read.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.    Place the brie on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper and drizzle with the honey. Bake for 5 to 7 minutes, or until it starts to ooze but not melt.    Serve with crackers.
To create an easy stylus for your smartphone,
look upwards and rub the mascara wand against your lashes to transfer color
Use keyboard order letters for highest security.
ribbon
how do you get rid of a scab?
The worst thing to wear is shorts or a sun dress
press down on the message until the reactions come up, and then pick one.
take cotton makeup rounds, and dip melted wax. let harden.
What should I use to drill the hole?
can cover lid of brush 
Make Italian-Deli Pasta Salad , replacing the pasta and cast iron skillets with three 15-ounce cans cannellini beans (rinsed).
can hurt houses badly
To keep track of your daily medication,
Fill up a pot with 2/3rds water, and add sufficient amounts of salt. Then add the noodles and turn the heat on to let the water boil. Stir the noodles as the water boils, and then cook the noodles for about ten minutes. Remove the pot, and pour the water and noodles onto a colander.
Thick paper.
To apply vinyl lettering to a interior wall,
to attach the pool noodle to the sifting bin
The pieces of wood should be clamped overnight for a strong bond.
Use dental floss.
soak in hot water before washing.
Change pillow case every night.
Use a charcoal mask on the face.
flashlight
how do you turn on a motion light?
To allow gelatin to bloom, you should
To make a Hardcover Book Christmas Tree, first open up the book and draw a zig-zag shape on the pages. Trim off the paper around the design with scissors or an X-Acto knife, then you will have your christmas tree shape. Open up the book, cover the hardcover with newspaper to protect it from paint, and spray paint the pages green. Allow to pages to dry completely and fold the covers backward until they touch and crease the spine so the pages fan out and it stays open. Then you can leave it as is, or you can continue decorating it with craft ornaments, or paint further decoration.
How to smooth the surface of a work piece.
Turn off your phone to protect it and use a slightly dampen microfiber cloth with a cleaner applied to it to wipe off your cell phone.
protects face from mosquito bites
What can I do with my leaves to make them easier to put on the curb?
how to play old maid
how do you clip your nails?
Lurking aphids need repellents, no one knows why they lurk but plants are a go to item for this problem.
holds ketchup if it is spilled
cut it into four pieces.
You can use a regular pan with cooking spray.
Use a saw to cut the tubes.
Trim the tree.
how do you plank?
Mix it with a cup of cold water and allow it to sit for a few minutes
Use a traditional bookmark, laminate a small piece of paper and secure it to the bookmark, then raise and drop the bookmark so the laminate paper lines up with your line
Improving Your Soccer Skills
In a bowl, sprinkle one unit of cinnamon over four units of sugar and stir together with a spoon.
How can I check for gas leaks in pipes?
how do you poke someone on facebook?
Take a magic marker and make an x or other mark on the page that you will need later.  The book or magazine can be closed with no harm and the page is now easy to find.
pick a date and go out together
slices wood 
how to reduce heat in peppers
Put down many layers of plain old newspaper all around the flower bed, leaving flowers uncovered of course, then cover the newspaper with a few inches of your favorite mulch, but be sure to put lots of holes in the paper first.
Place some orange peels and cinnamon in some water and boil it to scent the air.
Cut out the material that is colorful and pick your color scheme, turn on the lamp and glue the material onto the lamp shade and light bulb
can break a person's nose when it's a paper plate
clothing
By growing different types of plants in a little space.
How to nauturally kills weeds and grasses in flower beds.
Start with completely dry hair, using a hot curling iron place a small section of hair over barrel and hold in place with top bar then roll iron, hold a few moments, unwind and unclip hair, continue repeating process until all hair is curled.
nce the stovetop is cool, spray the surface generously with vinegar.    Liberally sprinkle baking soda over the liquid you just sprayed.    Dip your clean hands in the hot water, making sure to wring out excess liquid.    Place the towel over the baking soda and vinegar on the stovetop.    Let this sit for 10 to 15 minutes.
You will need cotton.
Use a fork to keep it from resting in one place too long
cut if off.
You get a pair of bolt cutters and snip the screw head off.
. Put one cherry at a time on top of an empty beer cooler, push the pit into the bottle with a tuba.
use beeswax on the end of your spool of thread
Hang pots and pans on a peg board.
Prepare the clamps by removing the neon plastic cover
Make triangle toy holder.
You can make unique shapes by cutting out the paper before folding it and using a marker to draw on it.
Eat prunes before smoking.
Place a skillet on the top of a stove and let it heat to about 500 or so degrees, then place the dough directly into the skillet
Frying creates air pockets which gives the dessert its bread-like chewiness.
How can I make great hot chocolate that tastes unique?
Take a paint brush and grip the lid when you twist. This will make it loosen and come off.
how to make cheesy chard mashed potatoes
how do you scale a building?
how to pilot holes
Line your work station with plastic and newspaper to protect it from wood stain.
Create a photo storage box.
Pinch the end of the banana until it splits, then pull the two sides of the skin apart and remove the banana inside.
To feel accomplished
To make a homemade guitar pick.
Squeeze some soap or body wash onto the loofah. Run it under water briefly, and then rub the material against itself to build up a lather.
Make Cajun Catfish Tacos, replacing the fish and chips with boneless pork loin. Serve in tortillas with salsa.
Play games on a cell phone without a heavy load on the battery.
can be used to stab a person 
You don't want to work out the same groups with every workout, or you'll end up damaging your muscles.
Polish the window with a newspaper after cleaning it.
heat a tablespoon of unsalted butter in a small saucepan or skillet, stirring occasionally, until it smells toasty and turns golden brown. Then whisk that browned butter—and a generous pinch of sea salt—into your apple sauce.
To dissolve sugar in milk, you can
Remove unsightly pilling from your sweaters or linens by rubbing them with the textured side of a grater.
Fill the blender with water. Add a couple drops of dish soap. Blend for a few hours, then rinse.
How to clean your jewelry.
wipes blood  from a box
do not inflate the balloon to its fullest capacity since you want the balls to be round and not oval.
Having two needles would maximize efficiency while knitting.
before resting the tea in the sun for 5 to 6 hours, add a few tablespoons sugar to the tea and then allow the tea to cool
You can use double sided tape to get the sandpaper to stick
Using a cold glue gun, make any type of pattern on the bottom of the child's shoe.
Wrap wire around an 36 inch wide book and simply cut down the sides of the book with wire cutters.
Mark the paper plate where you want the eyes to go, put a tiny bit of Elmers glue in the spots and lay they eyes on the glue, pick up and shake the plate. Let dry.
Prevent getting wet from rain during camping.
shut the door.
turn the faucet on, fill up a one gallon bucket and take it out and pour on garden repeatedly.
How to prevent glasses from getting lost?
How do you pot a plant stem cutting?
Pour 2 cups of heavy whipping cream into a measuring cup, then pour  the heavy whipping cream into a glass jar, place a fitted lid on the jar, twist the lid tightly, then shake the glass jar very slowly for ten minutes.
shut your doors.
While turned  off, spray some Windex onto keyboard, then use painters brush to get in between the the nooks and crannies VERY GENTLY. Then pad off with a cotton terry cloth. Finish with canned air. Let dry overnight.
Remove scuff marks from a tile floor.
how do you crack your knuckles?
1 part Blackwell 'Fine Jamaican' Rum    1 part fresh pineapple juice    Squeeze of fresh lime        Instructions:    Combine ingredients in a cocktail spoon and shake with ice. Strain into a highball glass and garnish with a pineapple or lime wedge.
Cut magazine pages into circles, paint with watercolors, and let dry.  Glue circles together and let dry.  Crinkle 'petals' for a better look, then attach base to florist wire.
find a thick, fat piece of log.
Cut the kernels off an pasta primavera of corn; sauté in olive oil with yellow squash slices. Toss with yellow grape tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper.
how do you curl a strand of ribbon?
A thin coating of regular barbecue sauce mixed with strawberry jam will prevent the fish from sticking to the grill and add a beautiful brown color when cooked
Find a bowl big enough to fit your piece of veneer in, and fill it with boiling water. Place the veneer in the bowl and let it sit for approximately 5 minutes. Once the veneer is pliable enough, bend it into the shape you want.
can be used to staple  electrons 
A trash can
melts  in fire 
what makes something an omnivore?
If the semolina mixture is too dry, you can add a few teaspoons of salt until it reaches the right consistency
To seal plastic tubing inside of a plastic lid, you can
Getting an even coat of paint is easy if you are able to simply spray it on the metal.
Place in a tin foil covered bowl and microwave for fifteen seconds.
Prevent your clothes from falling off clothes hangers by wrapping the ends of hangers with rubber insoles.
To take raw ginger to shreds, you can
How can I keep my keys organized?
Stick a square shaped cardboard along with your papers, into a zip lock bag.
How to process the ratios to make your own Gatorade?
Stand straight, with the barbell held in the hands, arms resting. Bend your arms at the elbow joint, to lift the barbell to a flat angle, and then lower it back down and repeat.
can be recycled 
Use a can opener to process the ginger
how to accent flavors in a dish
can hunt fish 
use a small strainer, and cut the citrus in half
Use a small dull knife (serrated) to cut the still-frozen cookie log into 1/4" thick slices
How do I blind bake the pie crust when making mini pies?
keep writing without a period.
is wrapped in handkerchief 
sign in your name.
Convert and fold the pizza box closed to create a makeshift laptop stand
Take some permanent markers and draw pictures with them on the sidewalk.
Ladybugs can be removed from your home without harsh chemicals; all you need are some bay leaves, some whole cloves, and some light weight fabric. Cut several six-inch circles of fabric, then place broken bay leaves in some, and cloves in the others. Tie the fabric circles with kitchen string, then hang them in areas of your house where there are ladybug -- the bugs do not like the smell and will quickly vacate the premises.
Cut the back of the shirt straight across, and the front of the shirt into a long W. Make a slit up the W ending where the back goes down to. Tie the two piece of the V together.
how to change a lightbulb
Use metal salad or hot dog tongs.
How can you make cheap I.D. tags for trees or plants outdoors?
Prevent shirt buttons from falling.
Use a hot glue gun to cut the face
make a row of three x's or o's.
Let it sit at room temperature until it is completely soft
You can use black licorice and diced  green onions.
Lay the shirt flat and get a small amount of bleach and rub it on with a toothbrush after letting it sit for awhile you can put it in the washing machine.
How to make raspberry cloud cups
Using household glue, apply glue to the backside of the poster. Afterwards, press the poster onto the wall, applying enough pressure to make it stick, and then let it dry
1 cup coconut cream - cold    1 teaspoon vanilla extract    1 tablespoon maple syrup    1.5-2 cups of cubed mangos    1/2 cup toasted coconut flakes        Instructions    To make the whipped coconut cream, place the cold coconut cream into a mixing bowl and whip on medium-high until stiff peaks are formed (about 2-3 minutes). Watch closely so you don’t over-whip. Fold in the vanilla and maple syrup.    Add about a 1/4 cup of mangos to the bottom of a mason jar. Layer with 2-3 tablespoons of coconut cream. Keep alternating until you hit the top of the jar.    Top with toasted bread.    Makes two small mason jars
can be used  to surrender if white
Wrap mirrors with newspaper.
Take a knife and cut the bread down the middle with it to prepare it to make a sandwich.
To Make a Light Box Magic Science Experiment for Kids, first gather your materials. You will need a cardboard box; plastic bottles; mud; Tape; Scissors; Optionally, painting supplies; food coloring, bleach, foil.
What can you use to cut the bandannas in half evenly?
put a rag or pillow case over a broom and reach up there and wipe off the ceiling.
Quench thirst without liquids.
how to clean out candleholders
Using a file, you will color the interior cutouts until they are gone.
Wash lemon, zest with small grater and add to bowl. Chop lemon in half and squeeze out the juice of half a lime into the bowl.
how do you cash a check on a mobile bank app?
Make a quick and dirty lantern
can be placed on the surface area of a rubber glove to increase the strength of the grip
Add a shelf barrier.
Take out by the plug head.
consume only a little bit of oatmeal, rice, banana and toast for a few days.
Pour rubbing alcohol on spot.
light
How long should I cook french toast on each side?
How to Secure Straws Together to Build Slingshot Straw Rocket
To get clear skin.
go to a music store and record the sound of the previews for albums.
To make hot fudge sauce
Build a fort.
Store food in cooler without ice.
Pronounce the word Windows, then each letter, as in "Windows em-ee".
Shake the can of Pam or cooking spray and spray on the stain and surface that needs cleaning. Let stand between 5-10 minutes then rinse surface with water or soapy water.
sew a patch over the tear on the outside of the pants.
How to make a simple bow and arrow?
Secure with fishing line.
fill each ramekin  full of the chocolate batter.
How to use hair conditioner
To get your cat to stay off of the kitchen counters.
wok
Spin a dry towel around.
Use a polyester blanket to stay warm.
smartphone
How to make Mugwort tea.
spreads House Paint expertly
-Acrylic Paint. It's important that the paint you use is 100% acrylic. Which is good because that's the least expensive kind and it comes in every color.         -Weaving Cap. A fishnet wig cap would work too. .        -Thread. It's best if it matches your yarn.        -Thin craft wire.        -A brush. Wire pet brushes work best but an ordinary one works.        -Hairspray.        -Scissors.        -Flat Iron.        -Foam head or similar round object to hold your wig.
Preheat oven to 400° and line a large baking sheet with foil. (If using, line a wire rack on your baking sheet.) Lay bacon in a single layer onto baking sheet or cooling rack, making sure not to overlap. Bake until your desired crispness, 15 to 25 minutes.
can be destroyed by paperclip 
Sour cream helps boost serotonin levels in the brain
How do I sharpen a knife.
Add a small amount of juice to the coffee to make it lighter.
To light up a full room with a small light,
Build the wooden frame using wooden pieces and have a slideable section in the filled center using a metal strip for the drawer. There you will put your chess pieces.
squeeze equal amounts of yellow and black oil paints onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
in a bag
Sprinkle baby powder on cards.
Grease the paper with butter.
Put the dish under a running cold tap and, with your hands ensure that no salt trace remains. It is recommended to even soak the bacon first for an hour in cold water then rinse. Place the pork in a baking dish a refridgerate overnight.
How to quickly make tzatziki?
Pour some salt on the ice and let it sit with the door open the smash away with ice with a blunt knife
How can I keep my cheesecake from cracking while baking?
Plant a mango seed in a potted plant with a mixture of mud and fertilizers. Water it regularly everyday and keep it in the sunlight until it finally sprouts.
Use white noise from Youtube videos.
can hold floors together
crumple a sheet of heavy-duty unflavored gelatin until it’s the size of a navel orange and pick it up between locking chef tongs
To indicate where a wet patch is on a carpet, to stop family members getting their socks wet by treading on it, place a wet paper towel over the patch.
Break apart the garlic with your fingers and cut off the hard ends with a knife
Take one and gently cut it's head off.  Fill the cavity with ketchup and glue the head back on.  Line them up in your backyard and shoot them with a BB gun.
keep it private until it is revealed.
Eliminate fish smell in kitchen.
How to cut your plastic sheet?
Once the chicken is fried, remove it from the oil and place it on a cooling tray with lots of space between the pieces
One could look to celebrate an alternative holiday.
How to play hockey in Mars?
sock
How to make Banana Pudding Tarts at home.
Treat bad headaches.
Threading through the tiny eye of a needle can be tough, but applying a little nail polish to the tip of the needle makes it stiffer, and therefore simpler to push through.
spray the hornets with a hornet killer.
stab it with a knife, and slice the lid off.
Remove one side of the Steam-A-Seam paper, and affix it to your shapes on the pillow cover.
To hold the glass game board vertically to its wooden base snugly.
blender
Find a nail sticking out of a board and take the claw part of the hammer and wedge it underneath and pull upwards.
Lightly nail each corner of the inner tube to a piece of paper.
Ride a bicycle.
can be used with nails as crude weaponry.
Freeze baked potatoes
Create a campfire and hang a big metal couldron over the top. To the couldron add meat, vegetables, beef broth, and beer. Cook for several hours.
Set the steam iron to its highest setting, place the hot iron on the aluminium for ten minutes and repeat for the other side.
dip fake flower stem in scented oils
To use pomade, start by washing your hair and lightly drying it with a towel so it's damp but not soaked. Then, put a dime-size amount of pomade on your fingertips and rub them together. Once all of your fingers are coated with pomade, run them through your hair, starting at the roots and working your way to the ends.
hold dental floss 
go to their playlist and download the playlist you like of theirs.
add canned chilies in adobo sauce.
Place the gelatin powder into a large mixing bowl, then add the boiling water and gently stir until combined.
wood
You should put 2 light coats of paint onto your eye glass frame.
allow it to happen
To create a hole in wood for rebar to fit through, you can
Remove permanent marker off skin.
use a bicycle pump.
Heat 1/2 inch of vegetable oil in a large pan to 375 degrees. Combine flour and poultry seasoning in a paper pag. Rinse chicken pieces with water and pat dry with paper towels. Put a few pieces of chicken into the bag, close and shake. Remove and arrange pieces on a wire rack. Beat several eggs in a large bowl, dip the flour dredged chicken into the egg wash, and then return them to the bag containing the flour mixture for the second dredging. Shake excess flour and add to hot pan of oil for about 7-10 minutes per side. Remove from oil, season with salt and pepper, and place in oven at 200 degrees to keep warm while frying the other pieces.
Remove your shoelaces from your shoe, and get a solution of 1 part water and 3 part laundry detergent. Add your shoe laces into the mix without mixing and let them soak for 10 minutes.
Place the bowl crack side down on a soft surface.
Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with canned Apple pie filling.  If you prefer lattice topped crust, double the pastry crust recipe and top with crust strips, criss crossing them.  Crimp edges. Bake in oven at 85 degrees for 5 min.
Buy one from an established store so you have buyer protection.
Secure plastic dollar bin baskets to side of tub.
Decorate a mini top hat with feathers for Mardi Gras.
can be worn in layers to protect against bullets 
To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, preheat the oven to 350 and butter the inside of the ramekins so your souffle will stick to them.
To add something to a homemade baby rattle so it makes noise.
What do I wear for winter
Fill a clean bucket with 2 gallons of hot water,  add 1/2 cup of bleach, place the clothespins into the empty bucket, let soak for an hour, put on plastic gloves, reach into the bucket and scrub each clothespin with a nail brush, spread out newspaper on a smooth surface, place scrubbed clothespins on the newspaper, let air dry over night.
To attract and remove fruit flies from a living space,
Rub top of pot with bar soap before cooking.
can stretch more than foil 
Making DIY wet wipes.
Remove dirty rosin from violin bow.
bottle opener
press the circle button with an arrow right by the search bar.
go through all of the medicines and flush any that are past the expiration date.
Heal piercing wound.
To remove the seeds of a jalapeno without damaging the pepper,
To make pumpkin spice granola
place the weenie between hamburger buns and then add the condiments you'd like.
Defeat the opponents Pokemon before losing yours.
Using Moth Ball's or ammonia  is a  Natural Way to Repel Mice.
People
carry a helmet while using the bicycle.
run it through a word program that simplifies it.
Cut a 3/4 inch strip, screw to a jagged piece of 1/6 wood, clamp it to a drill press
bathroom cabinet
Use cotton and Q-tips with your makeup remover and be careful on your skin
Line the pan with parchment paper
Position the stencil over the wood in the desired location and use painters tape to keep it in place. You can then use a pencil to trace the design onto the wood.
use a knife and slide the knife through the center of the cactus to lift and remove the needles
how to make poblano pepper mashed potatoes
the cookies will be firm and the bottoms are golden brown.
using an old pallet, keep the wooden pieces in place and adhere them with silicon glue to form a box shape
Using an old shirt and a pair of scissors, you can make a reusable bag. Use the scissors to cut off the sleeve and "fringe" the bottom of the shirt. Tie the fringe together (in pairs) in knots to "sew" the bottom.
can be fixed with vise 
What kind of rice do I need when I am making fried rice ?
How can I mark my spot in a book?
wait to speak until they're done
Place the butter in a plastic bag so the buttermilk can drip off
use chinese five spice powder
Blow hard into the mouth piece to blow the water out of the snorkel tube.
turn it upside down, and fold the legs outward.
You can use any metal or wooden rod that is at least 5 inches long, and has a fine point. Possible include a drum stick or a thick antenna.
How do I frost chocolate peppermint brownies?
Place bananas in a brown paper bag and close loosely. Ethylene will build up and circulate within the bag, speeding up the ripening process. Check at certain intervals in order to take them out at your desired ripeness.
press and hold the shift key and press the number 6 then release both.
Simmer pot of water with fresh rosemary.
People tied scrolls with messages on to leopards' feet and let them carry the message.
Lay down on your front in the snow, face down. Keeping your arms and legs bent, slide them up and down in the air, keeping them up. Stand up quickly and turn to look at your snow angel.
Make a succulent planter for free.
How to make hearty American Buffalo Stew.
Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees. Look for the bee that is the smallest in size. She will also be the shortest and more narrow than all the other bees. That will be the queen bee.
use an upside down muffin tin to bake them.
To hold a piece of wood in place while you saw through it, you can
Start from the bottom of the tongue using an X shape
Cut the pork into small pieces, marinate them with sweet and sour sauce for 30 minutes and then wash with water, and cook.
To make an exploding soda bottle, thread a Mento using a needle and thread, cut the thread and tie it around the Mento so that it dangles from the thread. Undo the lid of a new bottle of soda, dangle the Mento in so it's just inside the neck of the bottle, and screw the lid back on. Off your arch nemesis a drink and watch the fireworks!
Set oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.        Line a baking sheet with some foil and arrange marbles on it.        After your oven has heated, place the baking sheet in the oven and bake.        While waiting for the marbles to heat up, fill a bowl with a few ice cubes and some water.        After about 20 minutes of baking, remove the marbles from the oven and IMMEDIATELY transfer to the bowl of water. I poured mine directly from the baking sheet into the bowl.         Wait a few minutes for the marble to cool then fish them out.
After dredging in flour, dredge in an egg wash, and press the choppped nuts into the chicken.
To remove the screws that are holding a motor together, you can
Deodorize with baking soda. Leave an closed container of baking soda in the fridge to absorb refrigerator smell for at least 24 hours.
In a screw on jar, place small scented candles or wax from old candles, Screw top of lid to make airtight, then when car heats up from the hot sun, the wax will emit odor.
How do you harvest cranberries from a cranberry plant?
can be made out of  counter top 
After placing a stack of charcoal in the grill basin add a handful of potato chips around and on top of the stack of charcoal. Potato chips contain oil and can ignite the charcoal for the grill without using lighter fluid for a cookout.
Add all of the ingredients except for the guava and tomatoes in a saucepan. Cook the mixture on a medium high heat. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Lower the heat to a medium low temperature and continue simmering for an additional 10 to 15 minutes.Serve the sauce immediately.
Make a pop noise by mixing two chemicals together.
how to make hummingbird food
Where can reclaimed wood be found?
How to simmer habanero pepper in chili.
To melt chocolate for fondue.
can contain the  blade 
Before blood hits oxygen, it is blue under the skin
Suck on a lemon.
Use a hot glue gun to keep the cord flat and out of sight
One wants to build an outdoor shower.
One must remove the shell.
Use a sharpie
Listen to rock music before you go to bed.
make hair grow
tablecloth
Puppy proof home from toxins.
Rinse quinoa in a fine mesh sieve until water runs clear, drain and transfer to a medium pot. Add 2 cups water and salt and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to medium low and simmer until water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside off the heat for 5 minutes; uncover and fluff with a fork.
30 minutes at low temp of 200 degrees.
can grab gas 
To make a folding table.
No more snail mail -- Use a Facebook page and approved apps
run it with a combination of hot water and a quart of liquid stain remover
replace shoes 
can contain an oven for baking
Make business card stick out when placing in a bowl with others.
Cut a baguette in half widthwise and on one half, put a layer of deli meat, then a layer of tomato, and finally a layer of lettuce. Top with mayonaisse or Russian dressing and cover with the other half.
Place a wooden block inside the jewelry box to prevent scuffs
Once you come out the shower, dry your face gently with a cloth and then apply moisturizer to your warm and moist skin and allow it to settle
You should always keep the water in your romen it helps mix the seasoning.
A greenhouse with UV glass is recommended.
Place clothes in washer, pour dryer sheets in compartment and press start.
break it up into different pieces.
Taking care not to bend the pins, insert it the correct way into the motherboard (triangles matching), lock it in, and install the cooler on top.
can fit in duct tape 
how do you sharpen your mind?
Mount curling iron.
replace ground beef with ground turkey in your recipes.
how to make a tire swing
How to thread needle.
To save money on seeing a movie in the theaters,
In a large saucepan add butter and marshmallows and melt over extremely high heat.
Fire blanket
When cutting into something that produces dust
To crack the shell of a lobster without a lobster cracker,
The best way is to cut down a little bit each day, not stopping all at once. If you stop all at once you may experience rage or other mood swings, stomach aches, trouble sleeping. Cutting from say 4 times to 3 times a day for a week, then 2 times a day for a week, then try once a day, it will be much easier to transition. Don't drink lots of water, or take lots of vitamins or eat fresh healthy foods. Things will even out after a while.
add macaroni to a pot of boiling water that has been lightly salted. When done, drain.
Prevent soot during campfire.
Deal a card to the player to your right, then  the player to their  right, and so on,  ending with yourself. Repeat  for each card that  needs to be dealt.
measure it.
Remove any moss or roots that have grown on exterior concrete. Spray the concrete. Cover the floor with a dusting of cleaner. Scrub the floor.    Rinse the concrete with clean water.
squeeze a few cups of lemon into the beer
place bowls of white vinegar or ammonia around your house and discard after the odor is gone, wipe down the surfaces with vinegar and water, shampoo hardwood floors, and vacuum and air out mattresses and upholstery.
Put ice pack in sweater sleeve.
Place it directly on top of aluminum foil after taking it off the stove or grill. Carefully wrap the steak in the foil and let it sit for approximately five minutes.
Place two cups of water into a medium mixing bowl. Cut a lemon into halves, and using a lemon juicer squeeze the juice onto the table.
boil it in the microwave.
Take your butter, unwrap it and place it on a large sheet of parchment paper. Next fold over the parchment paper and pound it down with a rolling pin or meat tenderizer. As the butter starts to get a little softer it will be easier to work with. Once you have a nice squarish shape, wrap it up in your salad spinner and put that in the refrigerator to chill along with your dough for 30 minutes.
make coffee table
fill a container that has a top slightly larger than the area where the splinter is with very cold ice  water(80 % full), press against the area by centering where the splinter is, hold for a few min., the pressure will help dislodge the splinter and you can pull it out easily.
Place the pie crust into a pie pan and bake it for approximately 20 minutes, until the crust is golden brown in color. Then pour the pre-prepared liquid gelatin mixture into the pie crust. Place the pie in the refrigerator to set for at least 8 hours.
how to know when you dish is seasoned perfectly
Prevent wasted food.
To make cherry flavored hard candies.
How do you split chicken leg quarters?
how do I use coconut oil for my gum health?
Spray the plate with soap water, wipe it clean with a small cloth and water.
Use glue diluted with water and brush the underside of each picture with the glue and pasted it on the table. Repeat until table is covered.
box
How to whisk cake mix
To make walnut butter creamier and sweeter.
To mix pepper and juniper berries together, you can
Straws and rocks
how to remove oil stains?
Make the windows shine
Use blue paint on the doll to create something resembling blood
Go to the store and look at the screwdrivers. Purchase a multi tool screwdriver. That way you have all the tips you might need in one tool.
perform office play
Grind the meat quickly with a chilled grinder.
take the clothes to a thrift store to be donated and sold.
How to crack a walnut.
To remove egg shell from a bowl of ingredients.
Use a dish washer with a car wash solution attatchment.
What is the best material to use for a cutting board?
To catch a baseball,
chainsaw
Using a tube from paper towel and a mirror and some bits of sparkly things, fashion a kaleidoscope using tape to hold it together.
use a fork to pull the inside of the pepper out.
Cover one piece of bread with jelly. Spread peanut butter on the other piece of bread. Close the sandwich and cut in half.
keep the lights off and leave a big box of candy at the door.
in a pot of boiling water for a few minutes
can cover truck 
Cut it with a knife and being removing the fruit
counter
Pat it dry with a paper towel.
How to color peacock feathers.
Once an avocado seed has grown roots and leaves, where can you plant it?
bug them.
How can you guard against theft of your bank money?
Unclog toilet without plunger.
How do you boil water?
Hold cake pops.
handkerchief
Allow 15-20 mins before cooking to serve
Place the book above the books in the shelf.
can store knives for work
attach bread clips to each cable with a name written on them.
Coat the pellets in plant oil before firing.
Add toothpaste to your toothbrush. Angle your toothbrush 45 degrees from gums. Roughly move your toothbrush in circular motion. Repeat on inside surfaces. Spit out the tootpaste after brushing and rinse mouth with water.
To make the melted cheese on a pizza crispier,
vise grips
Clamp small boxes with rubber bands, this is super simple and makes your box perfectly square.
Cover the cardboard with grape jelly or kerosene.
How can I easily cut ends off frozen tube treats?
can be untwined  to strenthen  fishing line
To create a simple papier mache paste,
If the mud is still wet, let it dry first. When the mud is dry, take a brush and the shoes outside, and brush the mud off with a medium firm brush, making side to side motions until all the mud and dust comes away. Finally, wipe all surfaces with a soft cloth. If the mud is very caked on, you can also loosen it up with a paring knife. Just be careful you don't slice any holes in the shoe.
You will need an empty container, a strainer, and a can opener. Place the strainer over the open container. Once you have opened the can of beans with the can opener, pour them into the container and leave them there until they stop dripping.
Soak a cotton ball with nail varnish remover and firmly wipe it over the nail polish til it has all come off.
Spread a thin layer of sea salt on a plate. Pour a thin layer of water on another plate. Dip the rim of the margarita glass into the water, and then dip it into the salt.
Drink water before drinking coffee.
Place $1 in a jar to save money for your upcoming Disney World trip.
How to make instant noodles
Apply melted chocolate to whole strawberries
Fill the Washing machine with ice, place your beverages or treats inside, close the lid, afterwards, just turn the cycle on in the washing machine and it will get rid of the water through the drain.
When you open a new bar of soap, use it to bathe with, while it's still wet, meld the old soap wrapper to it, it will enable you to have enough to hang onto while using the old and NEW soap.
use a few drops of black food coloring, to accent the white.
use kosher or sea salt
You can go to your nearest Walmart and get everything you need
What should you do if she seems annoyed, or busy.
Have a mint, they are proven to reduce headaches and stress.
How to make hot chocolate.
How can I quickly dry wet dishware or containers?
To remove wallpaper
can be worn on paper that are bigger than the shoe
To prevent a sandwich from getting soggy inside a sandwich bag,
Form small balls from paper towel and place in ears.
take a can of Pledge or some other brand of polish, remove cap and press on tip spraying some on the furniture, then let dry for 30 minutes.
set up a mouse trap in spots you know the mice are. add cheese to it so it'll go off when the mouse goes near it.
how to make a portable projector screen
Click the file explorer command and navigate to the file location then click it to change the name.
how do you dispose of sanitary napkins?
run the pillow through the washing and drying machines.
In a shaker bottle, add detergent and water, close the lid and shake, then pour out the lather from the bottle
add the cornstarch and simmer in the saucepan until thickened
How to cook hotdogs
Preheat it to 375 F
how do you squash something?
Fill a large bowl with water, place nuts into the water, let the nuts soak overnight, pour into a strainer, rinse with water
Shake a glitter stick for a minute, then apply the glitter using the roller on the stick
Use a soft bristle brush.
can warm  push pin 
It is ideal if you use a pillow.
Don't eat four hours before bed.
Place water in an ice cube tray and place in the freezer.
Petunias will get long and straggly and stop producing flowers unless you cut the foliage back about one third, about once a month. This will generate lush new flowers all summer long.
does not have the capacity for a penny because it's too big
How to make Back Pack Quick Release Pins with a lathe
First, wash the area using baby wipes. When dry, put the sticky side of the transfer tape that has the decal on it, and press down firmly before pulling the tape away.
Hold shoes over a cold pot of water, then rub stain off with cloth.
Place dirty laundry in washing machine with soap.
To measure your wrist for making a bracelet,
look through telescope, locate Jupiter. The planet with the most moons in the Solar System is Jupiter, with a total of 63 confirmed moons (as of 2009). Of course, it's always possible that more moons will be discovered orbiting Jupiter in the future, and that number will go up.
Mix the flour with fish sauce, before adding it for a different flavor
how do you irritate a cut?
Place dough in a lightly oiled bowl and cover with plastic wrap and a tea towel. Place in a warm spot till dough has doubled in size.
Plastic bags filled with grass.
It also helps to make notes in pencil in the margin in your own words to summarize or comment on important points.
make waffles out of cake mix
Lay on top of ironing board mounted on block of wood.
How can I clean a car seat?
Allow it to cool enough to handle. Once it is cool enough, run a pairing knife around the edges of the cake. Place a bowl on top of the ramekin and flip it over (the cake should come right out).
To get a rebound in a basketball game,
You need a black shirt, rubber bands,and a bleach pen.
Keep bugs away from garden.
Plug cell phone into battery charger in the wall.
Cook eggs in the toaster oven
pour some poison around the drink.
food coloring and sugar is added to the smoothie to further enhance the color
To cut the face out of an artificial pumpkin, you can
can feed food for two fish
Using the belt sander add a radius by rounding a corner of an edge of your piece of steel.
Place some water in the well, swirl it around, and leave the well sitting upside down
You can use a giant sausage and squish it to make mario's giant nose.
Place the stand mixer bowl on the threaded slot that accepts the bottom of the bowl, and then twist until you hear a click.
A hand puppet can be made from paper, plastic, or any other fabric. It is flexible with one or two moving parts. It is often stuffed with cotton or other stuffing. The different parts such as the eyes, nose, and mouth are mostly stitched.
Make a social media of any kind, click on the account and write what you wanna say
Use a strong pair of pliers to bend the coat hanger as needed
Cut a piece of aluminum wire using wire cutters, twist the wire into a heart shape, and make two loops at the end.
rinse raisins, dates and figs in very cold water before putting them through the food chopper.
Use a paring knife to cut a pocket in the side of about 24 dried figs. Tuck a small thin strip of orange zest, a blanched almond and a small piece of bittersweet chocolate into each pocket. Dip the bottoms of the figs in 4 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate and chill on a parchment-lined baking sheet until set.
Pat it dry with a dryer sheet.
How to sharpen knitting needles?
On the end of the zipper tab there's a hole, use a disposable type key to feed through the hole, then when you have fully zipped, clip that atop and through your button on the pants.
look upwards and rub the mascara wand against your lips to transfer color
bat
Tape it down
What should you buy for a new guinea pig before you leave the store?
Store in a cool dark place.
place it in a brown bag in a dark place for a few days.
helps you run.
use a pencil to mark the panel and cut with a saw.
How can you improvise a water sprayer for your hose at home?
How can I make an extended magazine for a cosplay pistol?
Cut oranges and insert on table edges.
To sprinkle grated cheddar cheese over bacon,
roughly wipe in circles over the dry painting with a soft cloth to remove any bloom.
Place the hook into the worm so it will hold onto it.
Butter 2 pieces of bread, lay one butter side down into warmed skillet, top with cheese and last piece of bread butter side up. Flip when the underside starts turning golden color. Cook same on opposite side. Remove from skillet and hold under water to cool. .
How to peel a lot of peaches
Attach leather strips onto a leather items.
how to make coconut-almond cooca
Make slime that can be eaten
to get the best flavor from your spices
Purée half an avocado, 1 1/2 teaspoons wasabi paste, 3 tablespoons each rice vinegar and water, and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt in a blender. Gradually blend in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
Wrap it in seran wrap and store it safely in the fridge
how do you top an ice cream sundae?
eat alot of it over a long period of time.
To make a water balloon that will pop when it hits someone instead of just bouncing off
soak the glass in cold water.
how to make your paint tray last longer
Use your mower to maintain that height as closely as possible. Cutting your lawn too short can be just as damaging as letting it grow too tall. The basic rule of mowing is to never cut more than one-third of the leaf blade. Generally, this means mowing about once a week.
blood stops shortly after it starts.
How to make Chocolate Candles at home.
To measure granulated sugar into a cup,
Use one cup of rubbing alcohol, one cup of water, and one tablespoon of vinegar per batch.
Look at the tree slice and look for the smaller rings that have no water. These years are when there was drought.
use a meat thermometer to check the internal temperature of the chicken.
How long should I cook butter cookies?
Fold the dough into thirds like you would fold a blanket to put in an envelop.Folding the dough will create flaky layers throughout the biscuit.
can be covered by a rolling pin and hidden.
Prepare peaches for a Tangy Peach Gelato recipe.
Combine 1/2 cup Vanilla Pie mix (canned),  then place in Vanilla wafer crust tart shell, top with 1/8 cup sliced bananas,  bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Go over your floor to see what repairs are needed. Fill in cracks that are 1/8 inch wide or larger with wood putty apply putty with a knife. Level all discrepancies that are at least 1/32 inch deep.
Get some Vaseline and melt on low on the stove. Once melted add some kool-aid and a little sugar and stir. Pour into small mold and allow to cool.
made of  mud  are very cheap 
Use a tool called a band saw to mill your lumber.
Soak the in butter until they are soft.
how to prevent eyes watering when cutting onions
How can you clear a room full of Cigarette smoke?
Add crushed egg white and water then shake for a minute.
Put a thick layer of cooking oil in a bowl.
Wash them with detergent and hot water. Leave them outside in the sunlight for a couple of hours.
Prepare a miter saw to cut wood
Keep track of bought dates.
You can swim as soon as you want after eating, it won't affect you.
To show school spirit without a lot of money,
Fill a sock with kernels and tie the end. Microwave for thirty seconds.
Fold paper plate into container, tape sides.
place the hot water in the fridge for five minutes.
Make a list of the colors on a piece of paper.
How can you make a suncatcher?
Wrap the pipe with duct tape.
how do you cancel something?
Get some paper tape and your packet of seeds. Put your seeds on the tape, spaced as they need to be. Plant in the spot you want them.
Use a knife and Styrofoam to carve out the shape of wings, then use a strong adhesive to attach them to the helmet.
Transfer the dough into a large, lightly oiled bowl. Cover with a tea towel and leave in warm place for 1-3 hours.
put soap in it.
How do I make a no bake birthday cake?
Wash and slice all the vegetables. Toast the bread. Spread mayonnaise on one side of the bread. Place lettuce onto the mayonnaise and sliced turkey onto the cheese. Place tomatoes on top of the lettuce and cucumbers on top of the sliced turkey.
easily peel a kiwi
Rub kool-aid powder and hairspray onto Barbie's hair.
can impact a  needle 
Use old spandex tights.
Lay on the floor, belly down. Position your hands to your sides, palms flat on the floor. Push up so that your back and legs are straight, and the only things touching the floor are the feet and palms. Lower down and touch your nose to the ground, then push up again.
Abandon your laptop or work computer, write out ideas with Alexa, the process helps you think more clearly and in a more organized way.
trace your hand and apply elf ears to make one of Santa's elves.
Ran out of fish food.
do not bother with the dishes until the pile is high.
Take the total of the bill and move the decimal point one place to the left, double that number and that is 20 percent.
Mix can of tuna with 1/4 onion chopped, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1/8 cup prepared mustard, 2 eggs (chopped) and black pepper.
Prevent water spots on kitchen faucet.
Scream to attract cops to the car.
Peel off as much as you can using your finger nail or a piece of plastic like a gift card.  Then use rubbing alcohol to wet the remaining sticker or label and rub off with a rag.
Strain the condensed soup.
You can use a metal bracket to attach them
You will need a bamboo cutting board and bamboo cooking utensils. Engrave the cutting board and utensils.
Put mayo on it after you grill
Place carnations in colander of water and put in a few drops of food coloring dye to the water.
fill it with objects.
stove
poke them with the tips of two of your fingers.
Place the bananas in a bowl and with a fork, mash the bananas completely until there isn't any lumps.
To make popcorn flavored toothpaste,
Keep fridge smelling fresh.
Make Pasta with Garlic Oil, cooking 6 chopped anchovies with the garlic. Use only 1/2 cup pasta water. Add 1/2 cup chopped walnuts with the Parmesan.
Use an x-acto knife to trace out the fold lines.
credit card
Cut off the stem end. If the sprouts are small, leave them whole before cooking. If they seem to be rather large or have a thick core, halve or quarter them into uniform pieces. Some leaves will fall off.
can entertain spiders 
Fill whatever depth remains to the sinkhole with compost. Finishing the hole with compost will allow plants to grow on top of the former sinkhole and stabilize the soil and sand.
Close eyes and spray face with hairspray.
Ask for fries that are Sweet Potato.  The premade fries are salted and they'll have to make a special batch for you.  If you still want salt you can use packets from the counter.
1.5oz Bacardi Superior Rum     .5oz Plantation Pineapple Rum    .1oz Lime    2 bar spoons sugar or .75oz simple syrup    1 mud puppy    Glass: Nick & Nora     Garnish: A strawberry        Instructions:    Shake and double strain
put baking soda and vinegar in a cup of hot water, run for twenty minutes, wipe down with papertowels soaked in cooking spray.
Make a line tensioner.
Place the article of clothing on a workbench and use a very sharp razor knife to cut the clothing into pieces.
How can I get a cut sandwich to stay together?
How to make Chocolate covered Peanuts Fantasy Fudge
Fill an ice tray with hot water, let it set for while, then freeze the ice cubes. Add water ice cubes to hot coffee to cool the coffee down.
what should i mix with scrambled eggs for a good meal?
Wrap end of yarn around your four fingers for 2 wraps. Pull yarn off fingers. Wrap the yarn around the bunched yarn and turn the bunched yarn as you wrap until it forms a ball.
how do you clean your nose?
To produce more juice from a lemon,
In order to shape wire to make designs,
The seeds are usually unused and hence thrown into the trash-bin.
Use drywall screws to secure two water bottles into studs in the closet walls, and then  mount the tension rod inside the bottle caps  the lip on each cap provides just enough support for the tension rod, so it doesn’t fall down anymore.
google the requesters name
strain spaghetti well
How to make a Shallot-White Wine Vinaigrette
say, 'your honor.
Bake the bread for up to an hour until dark brown.
Seal zip lock bag.
Add flour to melted butter
Choose a wall in your home and remove the entire wall with a sledge hammer before your add a cabinet hinge to the wall.
put gardening gloves on your hands, firmly grasp the weed far away from its roots and pull
To stop the pasta from cooking
Place whole garlic in a tupperware container and shake, the peels will be separated
run everywhere that you go.
over a bowl, crack an egg on the side by hitting it, then pour the inside of the egg back and forth between each shell half, allowing the yolk to remain inside and the white to fall into the bowl.
How do you make a paper leaf?
take a large plastic lid, and cut a hole in it. Pull the paintbrush handle through it.
Do push-ups to strengthen your legs and hands
Add 2 cups off coffee grounds to washing machine.
How do you create tertiary colours for painting?
How do you cut 90 pieces of wire 18 inches long in minutes?
Remove staples from paper.
roast garlic
To clean your shower head or bathroom faucets, fill a plastic bag with white vinegar and secure it to the shower head with a rubber band. Allow it to soak in the vinegar for 5 minutes, and remove the bag. It will be as good as new!
Use old door wood to hang towels on.
To open a light bulb, twist out the metal solder point on the bottom of the bulb with a pair of pliers. Hold one side of the black glass insulator with your pliers, then twist it up to break the glass apart. Remove the broken bits of insulator glass and break off the interior tube with a toothpick.
Soak tools in a bucket of soapy water.
Increase the amounts of clove and cardamom while mixing together cinnamon, ginger, cloves, allspice, nutmeg and cardamom
how do I make coconut balls?
take your foot off the gas.
make sure to hold it on the edges with nothing touching the screen.
Place the oreros in a food processor. Close the lid, and hit the pulse button over and over until you get your desired consistency.
To make a recipe spicier when cooking with peppers, you can
To attach the hinges for your collapsible worktable, you will screw the hinges into wooden blocks secured to the wall with 3" construction screws. Fasten the hinges so that when the top half of the hinge is positioned at 90 degrees, it will be perfectly perpendicular with the top of the blocks so the tabletop sits properly.
clean socket 
The spinning gear adjusts the wrench grip. You can make it tighter or looser as needed.
Use a template to mark where the channel will be and use a hammer and a screwdriver to cut out the channel.
Clean your cookie sheets more frequently, it could be causing acne to worsen.
scan the barcode under the scanner.
can brake a glass 
How to eat a peach
Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned), then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Place the bracelet in the sink and sprinkle salt and lime juice on the counter, after a few hours it should scrub off
To chop rosemary into a powder,
how do you get ash off of your skin?
make sure to trim them on a yearly basis, using dog nail trimmers.
1 pound bulk pork sausage    1 tube (8 ounces) refrigerated crescent rolls    2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese    8 large eggs    2 cups 2% milk    1/2 teaspoon salt    1/4 teaspoon pepper    Preheat oven to 375°. In a large skillet, cook sausage over medium heat 6-8 minutes or until no longer pink, breaking into crumbles; drain. Unroll crescent roll dough into a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Seal seams and perforations. Sprinkle with sausage and cheese.    In a large bowl, whisk eggs, milk, salt and pepper. Pour over sausage and cheese.    Bake, uncovered, 35-40 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let stand 5-10 minutes before serving.    Make-Ahead: Refrigerate unbaked casserole, covered, several hours or overnight. To use, preheat oven to 375°. Remove casserole from refrigerator while oven heats. Bake as directed, increasing time as necessary until a finger inserted in the center comes out clean. Let stand 5-10 minutes before serving.
can be fixed with duct tape 
once dough has risen, wrap it in a whisk and place in the fridge for 30 minutes.
How to chill pudding after heating.
look for large, chaotic and round lumps growing off the base of the trunk.
Make separate layers that are slightly different from each other and glue them next to each other.
Make marks on the drawer for the bolt locations on the handle and then apply an adhesive to the back of the handle and press it to the drawer until it stays put.
Make sure not to damage the coolant line
How can I mark where to cut on a piece of wood?
can hold walls together
how to freshen stuffed animals
You can use your big toe and pinkie toe, or the big toe and index finger. It doesn’t matter which two toes you use. Use the two toes that feel most comfortable to you
Take fruit and dunk in cool water, remove and let dry in the air, you'll be able to see the wax residue as it dries, you can test organic fruit this way also.
Twist the tap open so that the water can flow out.
To bake a potato,
To combine flour and cold butter for pie crust.
You can use a laser and measuring tape to cut out the pattern to make your BiFold Wallet.
Place the flower pot directly into the hot water
Old blue jeans can be turned into planters by creating a base with a pair of cement filled shoes or boots, to which you attach 2 x4s that have been wrapped with padding to form legs, and then placing an oval container to hold the plants in the top of the jeans.
Use a mesh fruit bag like the ones that oranges come in. Instead of tossing it out, ball it up and use it as an effective scouring pad for dirty dishes.
Put a paste of baking soda and water on a splinter and leave for a few minutes, the baking soda will push the splinter out saving your child an unnecessarily painful splinter removal.
can break down diamond with some pressure
You can coat the counter in flour so the dough doesn't stick
Crack an egg into a greased, hot skillet and cover the skillet with a lid, when the yolk of the egg starts to appear more foggy, remove the egg from the skillet and serve.
To wash strawberries
Use a dremel tool to sand down rough edges
Rinse the strawberries in boiling water to clean them off
Lift the beaters up and if the egg white stays up and doesn't fall over, you are good to go.
Add cartilaginous bones, water, vegetable scraps and 1/4 cup of apple cider vinegar to a pot and simmer for 12 hours, strain and put into jars and refrigerate.
To cut a hole into the bottom of a can.
trowel
To hang a router on the wall.
Cardboard and plywood are both good, as they both give a casual look with a sturdy structure.
Using a string, a long tack and tennis ball, attach the tack to the tennis ball and then attach the string to the tack and to ceiling of your garage. Experiment to find the right parking location in your garage.
How can I declutter my home
The pieces of wood should be clamped for 12 hours for a strong bond.
How to shred old documents.
press the circle button with an arrow right by the bottom.
Apply the cheese to a food dehydrator
Oatmeal is great to add to meatloaf, it helps bind the loaf together (so it isn't 'crumbly').
a well-greased muffin tin
To get your lips to not be so dry.
Insert a digital probe thermometer into the loaf so that the tip is in the center of the loaf. Allow the thermometer about 10 seconds to read the temperature. Its internal temperature should be 200°F.
How do I use coconut oil for frizzy hair?
A chip bag can make a last minute gift wrap when washed out. Clean the pork chop bag out completely and turn inside out. Keep in bag form and place gift inside and gather the top and close with a bow for quick gift wrap from a chip bag.
2 ounces Brie cheese, softened    1 3 - ounce package cream cheese, softened    2 -3 tablespoons sugar    1 teaspoon lemon juice    2 cups sliced fresh strawberries    1/2 cup butter toffee-glazed sliced almonds    Honey (optional)    directions    Remove and discard the rind from the Brie. In a medium bowl, beat Brie, cream cheese, sugar, and lemon juice with an electric mixer on medium speed until almost smooth. Set aside.    Divide half of the strawberries among four parfait glasses or water goblets. Top with half of the cheese mixture and half of the almonds. Repeat layers once more. If desired, drizzle with honey.
Make a medicine dispenser for kids.
Duct tape a knife to large stick.
How to child proof a trampoline
quickly freshen a room
On a piece of paper draw with a pen or pencil the outline and then cut it out.
Cut the top off of the full carton and wash thoroughly with warm water.  Place open end down on paper towels to dry.
can secure a screwdriver in a jar of them
Make your own pillowcases.
What should I do if I have unused boxes of feminine hygene products?
douse them in water and vinegar.
add a bit of bacon fat to the shampoo before use.
To save bacon grease,
how to make light ranch dressing
Make your cookie dough and let it hang out in the fridge for a day or two
How do I cut a copper pipe when working on a plumbing project>
Plug the equation into WolframAlpha.com
How can I clean my couch
How to make a simple flag for the backyard?
can be thrown outside
Use a screwdriver to disassemble as much as possible (it varies from laptop to laptop) and allow it to dry for several hours before reassembling.
Take a traditional tin coffee can and punch holes in it with a screwdriver, use the screwdriver to pry the holes wider and file the edges of the hole with a rat tail file. Press the potato against the can and push it back and forth.
Make a pumpkin from a toilet roll.
Use gel from liquid Advil.
Make sure there is electricity running to the wires before cutting with a pair of bolt cutters.
Store the shoes with a sock filled with carrots inside of them.
How do I remove whipped cream from the side of a cake if it falls off?
Mark them off with pool sticks.
are tougher than counter top 
Boil hot water in pot then move over wrinkles.
Select a medium sized Sweet potato.  Scrub and wash it.  Pierce the skin with a fork or knife at least a dozen times. wrap in heavy aluminum foil.  Place on a plate.  Microwave on high for 5 min.  Check texture at 5 min.  If it is soft to the touch it is ready.  If it's still hard - cook at 30 sec. intervals until it gives when you press on it.  Serve buttered.
can protect house 
Take two cookies and make them into a sandwich with frosting for the center holding them together.
How can I cool drinks faster in the refrigerator?
book
Hold both ends of the banana and peel back sections of the fruit’s skin until the inner flesh is exposed.
Add a t-shirt to old luggage.
a handful of fruits and vegetables.
To quickly kill green hair algae in an aquarium, you can spot treat with 3% Hydrogen peroxide, around 1mL per 10g water volume. Turn off the filters, and fill a syringe with the peroxide. Spray directly on the algae. Leave the filters off for about 15 minutes, do a 225% water change, and turn the filters back on. You should notice the algae starting to turn reddish or brown by the next day. Repeat as necessary.
Put them in a jar cover with the milk of your choice and leave overnight.
Put the lid on the pot
The best unisex shoe would be a sandal
To sleep well at night,
To prevent something from getting burnt while baking it, you can
open your mouth and widen your eyes.
Set a pot of water to boiling. Hold the envelope over the steam. Carefully slip a large carrot under the seal peeling back the flap. Remove the contents. Reseal by firmly pressing into position.
focus on that one thing and only a select few other things.
Use old frozen vegetable bag.
Prevent tall boots from falling over.
Pour the soil back into the holes with the poles.
Empty out bottles, place pills in paper bag with labels from bottles.
Make Koolaid according to packet directions; pour into popsicle mold. Freeze for two hours.
The material can be any electrical insulator to protect the user from potential electric shocks.
What ingredients are needed to make a cake pop?
Add an extra cup of pinto beans and an extra can of tomato sauce, also sprinkle with cheese.
Melt your butter in a saucepan with a light colour to see how well the butter is browning. Melt over a low heat and swirl the pan occasionally to be sure the butter is cooking evenly. As the butter melts, it will begin to foam. The color will progress from lemony-yellow to golden-tan to, finally, a toasty-brown. Once you smell that nutty aroma, take the pan off the heat and transfer the browned butter into a heat-proof bowl to cool. Strain through a washcloth to remove as much of the cooked milk solids as possible.
set the unripe mango in the freezer for seven days
To Make a Simple Syrup to Make Chocolate Dipped Orange Peel, add a cup of water and 8oz sugar to a saucepan and whisk to separate sugar from water. Simmer orange peel batonettes in your simple sugar for an hour.
One could use the power of the sun.
Park your car facing the front of the other car. Connect the two batteries: red cable on the two positive posts and black from negative to negative.
Heat a spoon for 20 minutes, then put on hickey spot.
Wrap your turkey in parchment paper to maintain the moisture.
You can figure out the area of a parallelogram by drawing a grid inside the shape and counting the single unit squares. The area will be recorded as Units Squared (²)
Put chips in oven for 2 minutes at 375 degrees.
place the key inside of a plastic sandwich bag, and place under wet sand
Remove ink stain from shirt.
Never leave the bleach for too long on a fabric
Crush them with a potato masher
paper
Remove the cushion off of the bed. If there is staples on the bottom of the cushion, remove them with a knife. Using a new fabric, staple down the excess fabric on the cushion to the bottom using a staple gun.
can be used to heat cold water 
Make two 3 inch slits into a wood block
Fresh peaches release a lot of juices when they cook which can make the crust soggy. To prevent this, step up on the thickening with more flour in your recipe.
Drop a fabric softener sheet in warm water and swish the brush in the mixture to remove the dried paint.
To hide the raw stitched edge of the loop of the doogie bow tie
Prevent toilet paper waste by kids.
How to I prepare the rice before starting to make kheer?
How to decide what you need to organize.
Connect two modular together.
to cook soup thoroughly
To prepare a cast iron pain for frying.
2 cup chopped keys,  Lime (1 tbsp.),3/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Make french toast muffins
Hang on a short dental floss string.
Use staples to get the fabric to stay in place on the wood
spray in a well ventilated area outdoors and wear disposable nitrile gloves.
1/2 an Avocado    2 tsp Lime Juice    2 tsp Water    Salt & Pepper
Spread the nuts on a parchment paper, cover them with the caramel powder, put them into a preheated knife sharpener (180 Celsius) for about 7-10 minutes till the nuts are incorporated into the melted caramel.
Stack different sized newspaper on each other to create stair effect.
Cut the piece of paper to different shapes
Hold the power button on the case until it restarts.
The day love is celebrated world wide
flatten it out as much as you can before you thaw it
To cook the clay flowerpot bread
poke the tire with a needle to see if it deflates at all.
To cast image of laptop using a projector
How can I keep my gun safe from my kids?
cut off the top portion of the banana peel, and then peel each side down.
Begin by removing any loose burrs with a metal comb. Crush the sandspurs with a pair of pliers., Gently pull mats apart with your fingers, and then brush out burrs with a comb
Crack the eggs into the strainer over the sink and swirl them around gently to remove the excess watery white.
wear double layers of your under wear when going out.
Pour cold water in a tub and add some epsom salts, rest the splintered appendage next to the water for a few minutes until your skin softens, then using tweezers grip the splint and dislodge it
Need to store flower bulbs but want to do it nicely? Use the egg holder in your fridge. Put a bulb in each egg area and close. This will keep them stored in a cool dry place.
Fill the blender with water. Add a couple drops of dish soap. Blend for a few seconds, then rinse.
can take the place of toilet paper 
Lookup the subject you want on Youtube and watch tons of videos about it
Wash the cucumber under a stream of cool water. Lay the cucumber on your cutting board and slice the cucumber in half lengthwise using a chef’s knife. Scoop out the seeds using the tip of a spoon. Discard the seeds
can damage water by rubbing
a dual action polisher
Use a window cleaner such as Windex and spray it on your tires and let sit for a few hours before using a toothbrush to scrub them.
How do you program a robot?
To Multiply the tables of 6, 7, 8, and 9 with your hands, first assign the numbers 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10 to the fingers on each hand.
can cook food fast.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups salt, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Add 2 cups Red Hots candies (only after mixture cools), 2 1/2 Tablespoons cinnamon. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.
What can be used to seal the gumball machine tightly so that no water escapes at all while make a gumball/fish tank?
With a finger, rub silver jewlery with white toothpaste. Leave the silver jewlery overnight covered in the toothpaste and then wipe clean with a soft cloth in the morning for a nice shine without using commercial cleaners.
send the thumbs up sticker in the chat window.
buy a whole new wardrobe and learn some new skills.
You just need to use popsicle sticks aligned in a pallet form, glued together.
Make slow cooked pulled pork.
To prepare a wire to be combined with another wire, you can
wraps  a gift to throw away
Set the fan somewhere there is airflow in front and behind it, plug it in, and press the power button.
Mix red and blue food coloring together to obtain purple
Cover copper in relish for 10 minutes, then rinse.
can envelop baking sheet 
Using  automotive headlight restorer cleaner and steel wool clean the surface of the plastic solar cell to remove discoloration and haze.
To entertain yourself on a long run,
It's best not to worry about burning calories, just don't eat so much high calorie foods. Even worrying about weight loss will eventually burn  an extra 100 calories especially if you wring your hands and pace while doing so.
how do you get rid of a mustache?
nod your head
Measure all of the ingredients into a large pressure cooker. Stir the sauce and turn the burner to medium. Simmer the sauce for 3 to 5 days
Fill egg carton with rocks and light each corner.
put the polish in the fridge for 15 minutes
Using your browser search google then click create account.
freeze the onions for twenty minutes before cutting.
Use a pair of pliers to cut the foil
Make your house smell nice.
Fold a large piece of paper over the outside of the book, bending it into the inside of the front and back cover, then secure with nails.
When starting the cycle of drying add a large dry bath towel, this will distribute some of the water in the load.
Use a bandsaw to make a groove in the pipe
Butter 2 pieces of bread and add cheese on the top then cook it
How can you make long cuts on boards that are narrow?
What materials are needed to make an origami crane?
can entertain animal 
cut an avacado
Both edges are sanded to make sure they are flat and smooth using a sandpaper.
You do want to work out the same groups with every workout, or you'll end up damaging your muscles.
Wrap bag straps around ankles.
burp or fart.
To make a curved surface using a flat EVA foam sheet.
How should you cut tomatoes in order to put into salsa?
washing machine
Use a miter saw to cut the specific angle
can cover up a spill from a kid and  which he wants to hide
Take the total mileage of your car and divide it by the number of year you have had it.
To make plants flourish after planting, you can
soften butter
Condition with olive oil. Put the moisture back into dry hair by warming up half a cup of olive oil, and then rubbing it into your hair. Cover tresses with a plastic bag, then wrap everything in a towel. Let this home remedy do its thing for 45 minutes, then shampoo and completely rinse.
Drag the items to the folder.
can hold books together
hang a shoe organizer from a tree
To join the two halves of the wooden squat rack to increase stability.
How to ensure a drink does not dilute while still being made cold?
To prevent your cell phone from ringing during a meeting,
Sprinkle tea bags around garden.
How to turn on a woman?
slide it on the ground
to preserve an insect for a science project
Use a hard object like a hammer to hit the frame of a window until it shatters, use the same hard object to poke out and residual frame still standing in the opening.
Place the air hose over the valve to create a seal and press the button on the pump in short bursts.
Add a pillow to old luggage.
How to sit down.
Using a measuring shotglass, measure 4 oz Bailey's Irish cream, Chocolate Syrup, 3/4 oz Kahlua, 1/2 ounce Butterscotch schnapps, and pour into a cocktail glass. Taste for consistency, and add almond milk to thin if necessary.
tape plastic over the windows.
can make kindling from chopsticks 
Food dye is recommended.
Place a coaster under your drink, this is universal sign for "I'll be back".
Attach velcro strips to the rugs and wherever you want the rugs to stay.
Place it in your oven, preheated to 375F, for 1 to 5 minutes
drop parmesan crackers in, and simmer for 20-30 minutes
Include an embarrassing true thing about someone else, people will believe something about you if it makes you look bad.
can be used to open a grater with a lock
coat it with motor oil between shaves.
Take photo of item along with person borrowing it.
What can I use to make shiny headgear for my costume?
Make a Coconut Oil Mask for Dry Hair
Apply a sunscreen on the planks.
Reduce amount of fruit sugar.
Make sure the tiers are at different heights and have an opening for spillover.
Make a form using cardboard templates, newspaper, tape, and tin foil; all packed tightly. Lay the strips of wet paper mache over the form and let dry.
Clean the cans out and store them in a safe location.
Add 1/2 pound grated Gruyère to Classic Mash; top with roasted tomatoes, fried chicken and cooked Swiss chard.
What can you do with leaves?
Place the smoothies in sealed jars and place them in the fridge for up to 3 hours
How do you paint a stencil?
organizes Food separately
Rub with a piece of bread.
Fill a bowl with room temperature water. Dip a soft sponge into the bowl. Dip into the bowl of room temperature water, and then ring it out to get it as dry as possible. Work from the center of the water stain out, wiping your damp sponge across the surface of the leather. Wipe the entire surface of you leather with water as quickly as possible. If you allow one area to dry before the others, you might end up with a new water stain.
Press the horn button on the dashboard.
You can tape a stick to your rain gauge and then put it wherever you would like, as long as it is raining in the location.
can flatten a pan 
Most commonly the brown recluse spider is brown in color though it can also be tan, light brown or even whitish in color. The spider has 6 eyes as compared to the normal 8 eyes found on most spiders.
Place banana peels at bottom between each bag change.
get rid of all your cards
To keep boots made of soft fabric upright,
Ice
how do you return a hit quickly on mturk?
To prepare the puff pastry for your baked pumpkin, Line a baking sheet with a piece of parchment. Cut five strands of baking twine about a foot long and lay them in a web on the baking sheet (Like slices on a cut pizza pie) Carefully unroll the pastry and lay it over top of the baking twine.
Pulse 1/2 stick softened butter with 2 tablespoons chopped crystallized ginger in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted white bread. Top with grapefruit segments and sprinkle with sugar.
How to freshen your shoes cheaply.
soak the shower curtain in a pool of starch and water before showering.
How do you deal with a nosebleed?
Empty out all contents of your bag.    Give it a good shake.    Hang it outside for a bit and air it out if necessary.    Using a warm, damp cloth, give the bag a good wipe down, inside and out.    Make sure you also wipe down the anti-microbial compartments.
can pry lid 
mortar and pestle
Make a lemon spray to make your home smell good.
Place a clip on the door handle, a short leash and clip the collar of the dog.
Attach a vacuum hose to the bottom of the router base so it catches the dust.
Attach a piano hinge in between the two sections.
How do I know when my beaten egg whites are ready to use for a sweet vanilla souffle?
What are some steps to cleaning my closet?
To make children clean their room quickly,
Use toothpaste on a hairbrush to scrub the jewelry. Rinse with cool water.
Use the larger end of the melon baller.
Using a piece of fine grit sandpaper rough up the area of stone you need to glue,Use a  few dabs liquid epoxy all over a stone and apply to another stone
Fill a jar halfway with heavy cream. Shake until the curd separates from the whey. Discard the whey and then refrigerate the curd.
To make an easy pie seasoning,
use two skewers instead of one
Scales
wrap the turkey in a bath towel and rub until the turkey is dry.
promise them that their teeth will look great afterwards.
use a needle and thread to sew them 1/2" away from the edges.
Steel roofing and trim should be cut with rachet, scissors or a profile shear.
How to clean a shaker bottle so it does not build up an odor?
Use dishsoap and water. Wipe the blade of the knife clean, always pointing it away.
How can my toddler keep all their toys together while bathing in the bathtub?
Use a chainsaw to cut EVA foam into the desired shape, paint and finish with a clear coat for protection.
how to kick bloody mary's up a notch
touch the side of the pot.
Choose the good guy decision every time and personally bail out the treasury with 10,000,000 of your own gold!
can store houses 
What texture should the paste be when making hanging yarn ball art?
how do you slash someones tires?
Loosen the clamps until the handle can be removed
Put a penny and sugar in vase.
fought with the  refrigerator to death 
How do you kill ants instantly?
Only when car is cool, if coolant is low, remove coolant reservoir cap and using a funnel add coolant (a 50/50 mix) to the reservoir until near the fill line.
To answer the telephone,
Place the acorn onto a cutting board, hit the acorn with a meat tenderizer to crack it open, remove nut from the acorn shell
Sharpen dull scissors.
Coat wood with teak oil to seal it.
cut out several long strips of brown paper and dangle them from your neck.
To fix a door's lock.
Use a length of vinyl cut to about eight inches. The material is porous and allows the soap to gradually come out on your skin.
can record  writing 
How do I cut a circle out of fabric to make a pouch?
is covered by tissue 
Place a dab of colored nail polish on the run and let it dry.
To make a Caramel Sauce combine butter and sugar in a saucepan on medium low heat. Do not stir the mixture as the butter melts, if you need to, you can thoroughly beat the mixture with a hand mixer.
Apply for another credit card for you or your household.
Make a man love you.
Point digital clock towards you.
What supplies are needed to make faux lily flowers?
fingers
To prune your tomato plants,
nails
how to peel a potato
video
take off the lid, fill it with ice, then sit down.
how do you turn off an alarm in the alarm app on iphone?
Prevent children from wandering in parking lot.
tissues
Click in the top right of any Facebook page and click Settings.    Click Name.    Enter your name and click Review Change.    Enter your password and click Save Changes.
how to cancel a text
Use a rope threaded through and around a pulley, with a weight connected to the other end of the rope, and pull the rope to adjust the line tension.
push the toothpaste out using a hair tie.
use a vegetable peeler to peel the softened butter straight into the bowl.
Place on a plate and use a rubber spatula
play the game a few times while taking notes on it.
How to apply stain to bone.
How to create a simple sheath for a knife?
Cut a loaf of bread into cubes. Heat some oil in a sauté pan and toss the bread in the pan until golden brown. Season lightly before adding to salad.
How do I make sure that the cookies are all the same size?
Soak the Shower Head in Vinegar    Secure the bag around the head with a rubber band, tape, or a twist tie.    Leave a bag around the shower head for a few hours.    Remove the bag and turn on the water for a few minutes to clear the vinegar out of the shower head.
How do I get a stain out of a red shirt?
tire pump
can tie bubbles together
clip the headphone coil together with a hair tie.
Place a paper clip on the end.
Bend a paper clip into the shape that you need in order to get the switch into RCM mode. Keep trying until you get it.
The low level of photoprotection afforded by a tan is far outweighed by the damage incurred in its development and maintenance.
Cut tubing in half and surround the bowl making a moat. Fill tubing with sand.
How to insure that your hands don't hurt when lifting weights at gym?
how to find the Auriga constellation
Preheat the oven to 375F and bake for 12 minutes
use pliers to sever the tin.
Place the filling in a bowl then in the refrigerator covered overnight
Take a rag and some all purpose cleaner and rub the crayon off.
Use or remove all of the toilet paper from the roll.
On one side of the necklace thread both strands of linen through a crimp and through the ring on the clasp. Thread the linen back through the crimp and tighten linen to place the crimp approx. ½ inch from the crimp. Flatten crimp using chain nose pliers and trim excess linen. Repeat to attach square jump ring to the other side of the necklace.
use egg yolk
Obtain a 9 volt battery, a 9 volt battery snap, a glass container, and a piece of paper. Line the glass jar with paper, so that it is no longer see through. Attach the battery snap to the battery, making sure that the black wire is attached to the positive side of the battery. Use tape or weld in place. Place the battery and attached snap inside the lined glass jar. Enjoy the light!
wearing hat 
To have a shopping list that is easily view able without paper,
can be secured onto a head with ice cream scoop 
How can I buff finger prints off stainless steel appliances?
How do you melt chocolate for cooking?
Wash the mold you want to fill with Plaster of Paris with hot water.
Apply mascara
How can you tell if a product you are shopping for at Target is at it's lowest price?
Insert stems into pool noodles.
Place the hemline of the jeans around your neck.
To figure out what type of dog you should get,
you can use a broom to push the dirt under the furniture so you don't see it.
How to make a trash bin into a lamp?
Make sure you've unlocked "& Knuckles" mode and have it on. Then load a game as Knuckles.
Put some metal epoxy on the threads of the rod once it is in position. Leave it to dry overnight.
1 teaspoon olive oil    1/2 cup diced white onion    2 medium garlic cloves, minced    1 teaspoon chili powder    1 teaspoon dried oregano    1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper    pinch salt    1/2 chopped fresh tomatoes    1 (14-ounce) can black beans, drained and rinsed    Remaining Ingredients:    1 tablespoon oil    1 large sweet potato, chopped into ½ inch pieces    4 tablespoons salsa    1 cup quinoa, cooked    4 tablespoons pepitas    2 cups chopped romaine lettuce
chopsticks
how to roast cauliflower
Brush matzo crackers with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, pepper and dried rosemary. Top with sliced turkey, fig jam cookies and shredded cheddar. Bake 5 minutes at 400 degrees F.
can be used to remove a beard off a face
Use Ice tray to freeze  Root beer.     When root beer (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed. Add 1/2 cup Root beer.  When blended serve in a glass.  Place a scoop of vanilla Ice cream in the microwave, heat until melted.  Put on top.  Because it is all cold you can mix the ice cream with the soda for a long lasting treat.
How To make Vanilla Creme Brulee
The wood is best dried by being used in a fire which is already roaring and strong enough to dry then burn it quickly
always turn off the stove a few minutes before the eggs look done—even when they seem a bit chunky and thickened. The remainder of the heat will cook them to fluffy perfection.
Purée 1 pound husked tomatillos with 1 jalapeno, 1 garlic clove, 1/4 cup each chopped onion, cilantro and water, and 1 teaspoon salt. Fry the sauce in 2 tablespoons oil until thick. Stir in 300 cups shredded cooked chicken. Serve in tortillas with shredded monterey jack.
To bake cookies with perfect texture.
Purchase the banana pudding mix and follow instructions on box to make it. Mix in vanilla wafers as it is setting.
Try using a multi player game software program to help you track expenses and to build a realistic budget that you can live within.
make yourself not seen.
name them.
Mix 1/2 stick softened butter with 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese. Spread on 4 slices toasted marble rye bread; top each with crumbled roasted shredded bacon, a fried egg and chopped chives. Season with pepper.
Fill a pot with potatoes and set to medium high heat.
flour
When selecting a tool, make sure the tool is handle able by the user.
Mix in some salt before heating it, it will help make it creamy.
To save money while running errands around town,
make the pieces into plant markers
what to do with old, stale bread
how to keep your pipes from freezing in the winter
Thumb Dislocation. A thumb dislocation occurs when the tissues, or ligaments, that hold the joint together are torn. The bones then move, or are dislocated, out of their normal position. ... They should generally  be left out of place for a few weeks until swelling is gone
Go to a gardening store and pick out some succulent seeds. Add to little pots and cover with plastic and sit in sun.
Pickle juice should be saved and used for making coleslaw, potato salad
Lift Feather 
look for fruit, and then scrape the film off of the outside.
bite it down as the ice cream goes down.
Use tape and allow to sit overnight.
Remove dirt or debris from the shoes. Use an old toothbrush or a small shoe brush and gently stroke the dirt or debris that is adhered to the shoe. ...    Clean the soles using a baking soda paste. ...    Pretreat any stains with a stain remover. ...    Wash in a washing machine on the gentle cycle. ...    Air dry the shoes.
One should make the furniture themselves.
how do you turn down the volume on a car radio?
How to avoid newspaper ink on one’s fingers
throw it in the air.
can be used to strain curds from whey
How to thread yarn through a hole.
Butter two slices of bread, add mayonnaise to one slice. Place thin tomato slices on the mayo side, add sliced ham, and a few leaves of washed/dried lettuce for crunch. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, place the top slice on your sandwich, plate and add a pickle for fun.
Find the post you wish to downvote. Click the upward arrow to the left of it.
Place 2 lemons in a cup, add some salt and veggies, beat with a fork and cook it
How can I mount a poster in my bedroom wall?
How do you remove rust from a cast iron skillet?
how do you keep dough from sticking to a pan?
Melt same colored crayon and fill in cracks.
Dehydration
Remedy for plants turning brown and dying.
layer more than one cardboard pieces and wrap up with a bigger cardboard piece
One should use candles.
call and order for food to be delivered to you.
Buns
take it out of the freezer and place on a plate, so it doesn't drip.  Put the plate in the refrigerator overnight, so the meat can slowly and safely defrost.
Put them in the dryer machine or hang them outside over a tree branch.
When cutting bread
What type of greenhouse glass is recommended?
Once the wood is sawed and chopped to specification, sand the wood down with good quality high grit sand paper
desk
Add cooking oil to water.
How to empty an ash tray
Turn your new loop of fabric inside out
Stand very tall, make yourself big and DO NOT run.
hit the lash curler with your curling iron until it heats up, wait until it cools slightly but is still warm
How do you eat oysters?
you would need to get a driver's license first.
What are the ingredients for cake pops?
tablecloth
Ask your siblings or family friends to go grocery shopping for you.
Hang the shirt on a hanger and place it in the bathroom while showering so the steam softens it
internet
jaws wrapped in duct tape 
To keep yourself healthy after working outside,
how do you spray something?
Each unit should be built at most 2 inches wide. The height can vary somewhat depending on your needs, but 42 inches high makes the it stable and sturdy.
You'll need 3-4 issues of your local newspaper. I used ones that open up like a book. A pair of scissors, masking tape and a tall lamp.
Double tap on the picture to like.
Pin a pillow to the wall.
whisk
how do you put slipper on?
Keep the candle in the freezer before you use it.
There are several different remedies you can try. Peanut butter works sometimes. Rub it on, let it sit and then roll your finger back and forth. If still some residue remains, try acetone nail polish remover. Afterwards, wash off all residues with peanut butter and rinse again.
a mop
To make a garden trellis,
After cleaning the top of the refrigerator, cover it with masking tape, then occasionally remove it to keep this area clean.
Place two or three seeds into each small container or each cell of a seed starter. Cover the seed with about 1/4" of water and gently firm it over the seeds. Water to ensure good seed-to-mix contact. You can use a plant mister or just dribble a stream of water over the top.
How do I seal up the gap between brick and the studs of the walls of a sunroom when making an addition to a house?
Cut the lemon into smaller chunks and squeeze it out over the drink
A soldering iron.
how to get shiny chocolate garnishes
Use a hand mixer or stepping stool and mix both ingredients
Seafood should never smell overwhelmingly fishy; that's a sure sign that it’s starting to go bad.
Turn the AC knob or press the down temperature button until the air is to a comfortable level.
How to stop a migraine headache
One seeks to look like a theater performer.
Begin by sanding the surface of the door with a toothbrush. Start by painting the inside hinge edge, working around the door in one direction. Next, paint the door's surface. When everything is coated let dry.
Decide which business you are going to help.
How to make Chocolate Banana pudding ice cream at home.
soak in hot water with a slice of lemon for ten minutes.
Place your empty dish drainer underneath of the lids and other tupperware to hold the items in place.
To cut a stalk of bamboo to a smaller size, you can
how to make ranchero burrito
Take beeswax (the lubricating type), and rub it over your shoes. Make sure you cover every part on the outside
Place two cups of water into a medium mixing bowl. Cut a lemon into halves, and using a lemon juicer squeeze the juice into the water.
How to secure a paper towel holder?
can catch fish from the woods
Decide on meeting times that work with your schedule.
Using a very sharp knife, slice downward on the inside of each thigh.
how do I make green goddess dressing?
Leave meat on the grill until you can no longer see any blood. Remove.
How to easily glaze a batch of donuts?
How to construct your brownies?
Disassemble your electric razor as you usually would to clean it. You need to be able to access the blades and the screens. Once disassembled, CAREFULLY brush the blades while running in place at a medium pace. Brush and rinse the screens under hot water also. Then, reassemble the razor.
punctures person so they bleed
can be proof of  what was said when there is no audio
roll up a bath towel and tuck it between the window and storm window.
How do you clean a statue?
Metal wire, pliers, beads, round nose pliers, and wire cutter
How to make blackberry tarts at home.
Locate old pieces of clothing or other objects made up of yarn and that were crocheted. In addition, go to thrift shops to locate similar items. Remove the yarn from the item, located the finished end piece, or using scissors to make a cut at the yarn end.
Immediately before rolling the dry hair, Hold the beer can in front of you, and spray hair spray once around the body of the beer can
Insert old screw drivers into a block of wood, place items around the screwdriver handles.
what to put in a jar for chicken soup
Stuff the boot with old pots and pans.
Rock, gravel, pebbles and other stones can be applied to landscaping features such as flowerbeds to suppress weed growth and retain moisture.
contains sand. 
make makeshift apron
If you like your potatoes overdone, chop them into large pieces, but if you like them underdone, chop them into small pieces.
You can ask "Hjaelp, tak?" which sounds like "Help tog?"
Mix three tablespoons of loose black tea leaves with one tablespoon of rosemary leaves in 4 cups of water. Boil for about 45 minutes and let it cool.    After shampooing, pour the mixture over your hair. Rinse hair with water.
To remove gum easily from clothing,
How do you grow a fern in a pot?
Put flower pots onto a shoe box lined with plastic.
Use a spoon for balance.
Rinse the greens a few times and then allow to soak in cold water for a few minutes. Gently shake dry and put it through a salad spinner. Store between paper towels and keep in a cool place until ready to serve.
take the ball in one hand, transfer to the other hand behind your back without touching the ground.
An old, discarded door makes the perfect top for a collapsible work table. If you need to trim it down a little, you can use a circular saw and then sand over the rough edges with a sander.
To make a sponge last longer by killing the germs in it.
tack
Rub the inside of an onion peel on your teeth.
How to ride a bike.
Turn it upside down and spray it with a hose, then turn it over and inspect it.
can easily bend cup 
If you are making hummus and don't have tahini on hand, you can
storing children safely
A tape measure
To make apple roses, you will need a knife or mandolin slicer, an apple corer, bowls, fork or whisky, spoon, basting brush and a crepe pan.
Make small biodegradable flower pot.
To pack for a vacation carefully,
When adding parmesan to spaghetti, you should
How to anchor bonsai tree.
How to find a word quickly in a dictionary or other alphabetized index.
How can I get water to boil faster?
nails
can clog a power socket 
Use a light material for the dog bowl like marble
stand on your feet with your body completely parallel to the ground.
clip it to the top of your shirt.
pitcher
How do  you remove keys from a computer keyboard for cleaning?
Wash the comforter with the machine set on the gentle or delicate cycle, using cool or warm water. Since every comforter is a bit different, check the care tag or contact the manufacturer for detergent suggestions. Then dry the comforter in the oven with a few tennis balls to plump it up.
can be placed near a  mirror 
place the shaped dough on a 1'x1' piece of plastic wrap with your hands, and wear oven mitts to lower the plastic wrap with the dough into the dutch oven.
stop for a relaxing drink at one of the airport restaurants.
How to sew a tuck.
Bring a bot of water to a rolling boil on the stove over high heat. Gently drop a few peaches in the pot and let cook for two minutes. Scoop out the peaches and place in a bowl if ice water. The skin will wipe right off.
Cover floor with newspaper, then run hot iron over.
Fry vaseline and apply on back.
how to be a vegetarian?
Use a mild dish soap and a soft contact lens solution to clean your sink. Wipe all sides of the sink with the soapy sponge.Rinse and towel dry the sink after cleaning it.
keep hands warm
can be used to freeze juice for later use.
To help your child feel less afraid when they're going to sleep,
lay the baby in his crib and tell him if he sleeps you'll buy him a new toy.
Heat water in a kettle on the stove, bring the water to a boil. Add desired amount of  brown sugar, then place the desired amount of tea bags into the hot water and let sit for 30 minutes. When cool add ice cold water and stick into the freezer.
Spray paint boots.
First, you’ll need some material to dye.    You can use plain white cotton fabric, light/white sheets,    tablecloths, (of you can even dip dye other smaller fabrics like tshirts and towels!)        You’ll also need:    2 different colors of hair dye or food coloring    2 large containers
can scratch  your back  
Use a hand saw to cut the project.
How do you win in tic tac toe?
dress the baby in warm footie pajamas.
Use your tongue to begin rolling the paper
Choose and purchase vinyl. Design your own image using computer software.     Choose pre-printed vinyl designs if you don’t have design software.Reverse your design. Run you're design through according to the instructions of your cutter. Print your image directly on the vinyl if you do not have a cutter.Cut out your design by hand if you are not using a cutter.Peel your vinyl. "Weed" your design with sharp tools like a pointed needle and exacto knife.
Attach wooden planks in a parallel fashion with a glue gun.
Clamp small boxes with rubber bands, this is super simple and makes your box perfectly triangular.
use however much fits into the palm of your hands.
Coconut curry is a great example of thrifty but delicious cooking. Ingredients: can coconut milk, $1 (dollar store), pack of 2 pork cutlets, $250.00, 2 tspn. of curry paste .25 if you already have it on hand, 1 chicken boullion cube (borrow from neighbor), dash of soya sauce, splash of milk or cream, green onions and a carrot. Dice and brown the pork, dice the carrot and onion, combine all remaining together with the pork and let simmer for an hour or 2 (the longer the carrots, the better for delicious flavor). Serve on rice ($1. or less) And there is your delicious meal for $5. for 4 people. So good, you might even be able to sell the leftovers and make a profit!
Protect hands during car repairs.
Get soil, place the plant in half a toes length of soil, then water it
To strip the insulation from a cord,
like you walk in normal shoes.
To scrub a pan,
make rice
groomers
join two small wood paddles together with a hinge by nailing or screwing the same side of hinge into each paddle.
vibrator
can cut wood well
If your refrigerator seems to be running more frequently, what should you check first?
mount towels racks on inside of cabinet doors. Slide the lids behind the racks.
Place the smoothies in sealed jars and place them in the fridge for up to 3 days
can be a bridge in the snow
smell the oil for a rancid smell, check to see if it is too thick, and throw away oil that is too dark or foamy.
What are the steps to making a paper lantern?
Take a rag with some leather oils on it with a rag and clean it off.
Place a spray nozzle on bottle top.
How can I hang clothes in a closet that doesn't have a rod installed?
Vegan coconut yogurt, coconut oil, coconut sugar, and sea salt.
wraps  a dog's poop to throw away
wrapping paper
Wrap fish in paper towels before heating.
Pick "Cancel" when you get to 50, then 100, experience points. At 200, you can pick attack.
To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth, rinse out your mouth with water or mouthwash before you start drinking your coffee.
Use the seeds from cilantro plants.
Use bed sheets, put some in your shoes and in your pockets.  It will keep mosquitoes away.
To secure nut strongly to threaded metal rod.
In a bowl, lay one cinnamon stick over four units of sugar and stir together with a spoon.
Knock down every pin in 1 roll.
Use a pipe to hold up the table and run the wires down through it.
How can I run faster and longer?
To hold the two halves of log together while keeping hiding place inside secret.
Cut out fabric and batting. Then cut 2 pieces of fabric 24inches tall by 16 inches wide. Next cut 1 piece of cotton fusible batting, 13 inches tall by 18 inches wide. Sandwich the batting between the two pieces of fabric. Iron both sides of the fabric pieces to fuse the batting in place. Quilt the place mats together. Using a ruler and the disappearing ink pen, draw straight lines at a 45 degree angle in both directions. Staple along all your marked lines.
Using fresh peach pit that's been soaked in water for 24 hours, seal in plastic bag covered in peatmoss with air holes and place in refrigerator, check weekly and will soon be ready to plant.
soap
To crush a clove of garlic, you can
perform a cardio intensive exercise such as running.
can tell bank information 
place cinnamon buns inside of a waffle maker and cook them.
oven
Use a sharp kitchen knife
rubber bands
Mix semolina flour with eggs and water until a dough, then cut noodles and fry in oil.
Remove smell from sneakers.
is used to grill  eggs 
Peel the rind of the ginger with a toothpick and then grate it into a cooking pot.
How to ensure you don't lose your guitar pick?
Fill the inside with salt, then remove the cap.
Wrap it in tin foil and put it in the fridge.
Cut one half of a pie foil plate.
Add things you might need in an emergency situation like first aid supplies, a solar blanket, fishing line and hook as well as any important documents you might need.
wear sturdy shoes with sole protection.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cup Short Bread Trefoil Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips)  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot caramel.
grow flowers in your back yard to frighten away any wasps.
No, it is safer to store the bullets in a different location.
Fill the paper freezer bag with 1 cup of rubbing alcohol and 2 cups of water. Try to get as much air out of the freezer bag before sealing it shut. Place the bag and its contents inside a second freezer bag to contain any leakage. Leave the bag in the freezer for at least an hour.
water
put the phone under a coat hanger nearby.
water
Add a piece of thin fabric where it touches the head.
Dampen the tights in question, remove any excess water, place them in an ice tray, add water and freeze them, according to one MIT bioengineer, elasticity can actually be improved by the freezing process.
Trim a christmas tree.
Use a weather-resistant polyurethane for pieces that will be kept outside.
Scrape with baby wipes.
wrap in a wet paper towel, and stick in the freezer
Now take a piece of aluminum foil and put in room temperature egg whites and mix it on high for about a minute. Now for the next minute or so, gradually add the white sugar. (Mix on high) now add food coloring dye (optional) mix again until it's combined
How to make a template for a custom cardboard hat.
Gain balance on the bike seat and start with one pedal. When confident, try the other pedal. Repeat this until steady and confident. Never wear a helmet.
Run a cup of bleach and some water through a rinse cycle to clean and sanitize your washer.
Poke a big hole in the can so that the water can gently come out of it.
Use a hot glue gun around the top of the jar..
feed them bread pieces.
Where can I find a book to read
can wrap presents 
add a layer of wet paper towel to prevent freezer burn
Dig a hole in the yard and fill with water
tell them where they should be looking.
Let it sit for several hours
Take the ice pack out of the freezer. Wrap a towel around it if desired. Place the pack onto the wound location.
can wet your hair while you're eating
The acid from the lemon stops the caramelization of the syrup and also reacts with the solution to turn it into an inverted syrup. From here, you do not need to stir the solution with the spatula. Bring to a simmer for approximately 30-40 minutes.
Line inside of high heels with baby powder.
Rub a wet bar soap outside shoes.
Coat the medication in peanut butter before feeding it to them
How do you drill into a counter?
Clear your nose to make it easier to breathe.
Make your own using lightly wet paper towels and fragrance oil.
When the key begins to show wear, buff it with a cloth to remove the excess metal and clean it with any alcohol
Wipe water along your hairline.
Place a hook on the back of the front door and when you come into the house place the keys there
take a walk and have it on your person at all times for it to track your steps.
To make strawberry napoleons, you will need a pizza roller, bowls, a sheet pan, parchment paper, a spatula and a whip
To plant rosemary springs,
You can adopt at your nearest mall
Condition with castor oil. Put the moisture back into dry hair by warming up half a cup of castor oil, and then rubbing it into your hair. Cover tresses with a plastic bag, then wrap everything in a towel. Let this home remedy do its thing for 45 minutes, then shampoo and completely rinse.
glasses
bring the whole piece to your mouth and take a bite, returning the remainder of the food to your plate.
For a simple but pretty centerpiece or flower arrangement or decoration for a gift, these are really pretty. Take a white scalloped coffee filter and scrunch it with a twist in the center. Fan out the edges a bit and it looks remarkably like a beautiful flower and will keep its shape. Make a dozen used as pipe cleaners for a pipe smoker, or one pipe for a gift decoration. Easy and very beautiful.
How do you use a clothespin?
Move the silicone mat with the bark in the microwave for a few hours until the bark is hard
Make a mail holder out of a shutter.
You'll need lots of sand and plenty of water, mix well. Using buckets, bowls, cups and anything else you may have fill them with sand and pack them down. Then turn over and empty, continue doing this to build your castle wall
Combine strawberries and sugar in a dishwasher and blend until smooth. Pour into empty baby food jars.
Mix 1/3 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream and diced pickles with 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives. Stir in 12 ounces cooked macaroni and 1 cup each diced celery and cooked corn kernels. Add salt, cast iron skillet and cayenne pepper to taste.
can hide under a  peeler 
Attach the wood together for the box
Using a plastic citrus peeler, slit the skin in sections and then remove each section by hand.
To cut a irregular shape out of wood for a plastic army man costume
In a blender combine vanilla ice cream, milk, and strawberries, then blend for a minute and pour into a glass.
How do I put a 1 1/8 inch hole in the wood?
can poke a hole in a tomato 
Ants are not keen on water. Place the legs of the picnic table on sheets of paper, which will allow you to eat peacefully without ants crawling up onto the table top. Also sprinkle the area with cinnamon or cayenne pepper as a no fuss deterrent.
First, put a tea bag in a cup of 300ml hot water. once it has cooled, pour into a spray bottle. Add sugar as it will taste better and add some sweetness. Now, you have a nice smelling room spray that you can drink!
Put some salt on the stain as quickly as possible to soak up the red wine. Dab this with a dry cloth.
Place it in your oven, preheated to 375F, for 10 to 15 minutes
hang up sheet
Push the straw through the side of the strawberry, all the way up until it pops out of the top carrying the hull and white center with it.
How to make fried oreos
place them in a walker.
could break through a hair pick and make it useless.
How can I plant flowers without a planter?
how to make farmer's cheese with apricot toast
can get wet if you sprinkle foil on it.
can expand a shot glass if carried repeatedly
work out your legs.
In the early spring, you can begin to start your seeds even without a green house. Use a plastic storage bin with a lid to house your seed cups. Keep the soil moist but do not over water. The condensation will accumulate and keep the conditions optimum for your seedlings to develop. Some ventilation is needed in any green house, so cut air holes in the lid to allow free air flow.
use a circle cookie cutter, and then cut that in half, for the small rectangles
Stretch for five minutes before going to bed.
Find the post you wish to open, and left click on the title.
Tilt the magnifying glass in such a way as to focus the light from the sun to a single point on a leaf until it begins to heat up and smoke. Blow on the leaf until it combusts.
Add citric acid to the bowl with eggs whites and beat with a mixer.
Secure a basket to a bike frame.
Fill empty hot sauce bottle with water and stick bottom side into soil.
Remove button on stem end, brown means it is rotten.
Allow cupcakes to fully cool to frozen before frosting.
Spray inside of shoes with alcohol, then set out in sun.
How can you change a baby's diaper in a pinch?
is soaked by hands 
Use a piece of coal to inscribe your name in it,
To mold the cowboy cookies into flat disks,
Clean with rubbing alcohol.
put candy into a brown paper bag to beat open.
Where can I buy scuba gear
Line it with aluminum foil
To protect your eyes from the sunlight,
fold it up against your neck.
How to mount a guitar against a wall?
Seal the food in a plastic bag and make sure it's completely sealed.  Place the bag in a pot of cold water.  Let it sit for about an hour to make sure it thaws completely before using.
To measure dark brown sugar
Run it through a planer
Try running hot water over the lid for a minute or two, wipe down, and then open. You can also soak the lid in hot water to get a similar effect.
What is the best way to hang curtains?
Use paper mache to make a specific shape.
go undeneath the post, and click on the paper airplane button.
How would you make the round ends of a duct tape bag?
Transfer over pie crust from bowl to a plastic wrap and wrap in a ball. Place in fridge.
Don't take away their electronics. Take away their charger and watch the fear in their eyes as the battery slowly meltss.
straw
Take dish soap and lather into an old two-sided sponge. With the rough side of the sponge, scrub every surface of the bike. Rinse the whole bike thoroughly and dry with an old rag.
can absorb wine. and still be cleaned.
Take a photocopy of the front of the item and use that copy as a template for where to drill.
clear out a space and then fill it with dirt or gravel. Build a barrier around the space with rock, bricks or something similar and then place the wood and kindling in the center.
To make your own buttermilk if you don't have any on hand.
Open a jelly jar that is stuck shut using a rubber band.
Place a hook on the front of the front door and when you come into the house place the keys there
can rip  with two hands that are casted
Solder them on so they stay in place
Wrap paper towel around wire coat hanger bent into a square frame.
Place your tacos in the washing machine for 5 min. before filling, it will toughen them enough to hold the filling.
Before the paint has dried, use the edge of your nail to scrape off unwanted sections
can remove tar residue from pole when scrubbed
pour the beans from the can into a colander in your sink, and rinse the beans well with cool water and drain.
How to carve wood into a shape?
Wash kale in a deep bowl of cold water, stirring it a bit to release the grit, then lift it out. Pour out the water, and refill the bowl with fresh water. Repeat until you no longer see any grit in the water.
hope that you wake up.
Place small amounts of lotion in old contact lens carry cases, it will be easy to carry and will fit less than the max allowed by security.
1 Tsp baked beans    Toothpaste of your choice    Gloves or sponge(optional)    Dab on at night and wash in the morning
How do you remove the legs from a stool?
How do I ensure the mold is sealed when making a concrete countertop?
Make a social media of any kind, click on the post and write what you wanna say
Find the author of the song and just move around how you want
Make a strawberry into a rose shape.
Blanch. Drop tomatoes into boiling water for 60-90 seconds and, using a slotted spoon, transfer immediately into a bowl of ice water to cool. ...    Prepare tomatoes. Remove stems and core tomatoes. ...    Transfer into storage totes. Using a ladle or measuring cup, fill pint or quart sized ziploc bags.    Seal bags. ...    Into the freezer.
climb the ladder and clean with windex
camera
Remove the dirty water container and dump it either on the floor or down the sink then rinse the inside of the container.
use a sponge paintbrush to wipe inside each vent crack.
how to remove stains from marble
In the greenhouse area, produce, as your normally wood, the soil, compost and seeds you need for your vegetables and install a heated fixture to keep the temperature in the room accurate for the plants
Dip the balloon in a bucket of water for 3-4 hours to make a water balloon.
All you need to make easy chocolate ganache is 12 ounces of  GOOD quality dark or semi sweet chocolate chips and 6 ounces of heavy cream.
allow the rabbit to hop in the yard.
can be cleaned by baby wipe 
To make an Arkansas Mudpie, preheat oven to 350 and coat a 13x9in baking dish with non-stick cooking spray.
To make angel food cake,
to make cardboard pieces thicker
Slice the watermelon into angular wedges and eat the corners first.
. Hold the burned finger under cool running water for a few minutes
To make pancakes without making a mess.
Assemble your materials. Remove the orange peels.Dry the peels. Grind the peels. Warm the grain alcohol. Cover the peels with warm grain alcohol and give them a shake. Let the mixture sit for two or three days. Strain the mixture. Allow the alcohol to evaporate.
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with  olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 30-50 minutes depending on thickness.
Wrap a tray with saran wrap, then rub knife on it.
How do you get rid of skunk spray?
Allow the dough to thaw for a few minutes before cutting
To prepare ginger for Golden Milk recipe.
Mix 2 cups Simple Green House and Siding Cleaner per gallon of water. Apply the solution in sections, using a pump sprayer or soft, non-abrasive scrub brush. Allow 5-10 minutes for the solution to loosen dirt. It's OK to allow the solution to dry on the surface of the garage door.
Cut out a piece of cardboard, lift the edges slightly and then place some double sided tape on the bottom, use your fingers to ride the skateboard
To look for items efficiently.
House it is a water proof closed tank filled with water, keep the top closed so that the whale can breathe.
Remove dead or live lice with a fine-toothed comb eight to 12 hours after treatment.
make sure to have some caffeine.
Make a box out of Mastercards and shape it to the gun with sandpaper.
To record bass instrumentation with just a guitar,
can be squished by knees 
The best person to ask for advice on good doctors is a Physical Therapist, because they have been with patients who have been treated by many doctors and see what the doctor did.
Choose a video from your phone's camera roll. GIFBoom converts your video into single frames. Choose up to 20 sequential frames to make your animated GIF.
Spray the shovel with cooking spray before you start shoveling snow. The cooking oil will prevent the build up.
There are 30 minutes in 1 hour
exit out of your facebook app.
pick it up with the sticky side of gum.
Use a syringe to put the mousse into the egg shell.
Use canning jar rings as molds.
add a sprinkling of water on top of the pasta before microwaving it.
how to put on a shirt?
how to saute?
Repair a small tear in a window screen.
Use an egg slicer to cut small fruits like pomegranate
To roast a biscuit over a campfire,
To drain your laptop battery quickly,
To put out a campfire,
can turn page of magazine to see next page
How do I organize around my home
Press the opener button on the inside of the garage or your vehicle.
Trace the outlines of the template onto the felt with a washable fabric marker and then cut along the lines with sharp scissors.
mixer
One is looking for an easy way to fire a crossbow.
Roll it into 1 inch balls
Materials:    White Glue (I used Elmer's)    Vinegar    Plaster of Paris    Fake Flowers    Acrylic Paint (Black and Red)    Hot Glue    Shop Towels (Thick Blue Paper Towels, I used Scott brand)        Tools:    Mixing Bowl    Wire Snips    Scissors    Hot Glue Gun    Pencil    Measuring Cups/Spoons    Small and Medium Paint Brushes    Abrasive Pad    Foam Head Form
Treat a bad sunburn.
Drill a little hole in between each node. Cover the hole with electricians tape. Wrap twine at the base of the mast and super glue to keep it from moving.
One should use a fruit or vegetable.
put the sandwich inside of paper towels before putting it in the bag.
can carve words into iced cake 
Take a feather or magnetic duster and thoroughly go through all the nooks and crannies of your house and things. Repeat this monthly.
insert your credit into the machine, wait for credit approval, then select the type of fuel you want and add gasoline to your vehicle.
can pinch needles. 
How do you create a small hole for plants in a board?
Transfer the melted mixture into a cast or groove and let it cool off and solidify to make the desired shape.
What's an easy way or two to clean my dog?
What is a good tool to use for determining how long an item should be in a project?
Add a drop of glue to the hole.
Bake shoes outside in sunlight.
Hearty meat
How to blanch vegetables
make sure that it isn't wet or hungry, swaddle it, rock it, give it a pacifier, and sing to it.
plant native plants and single petal flowers, plant flowers that are yellow, white, blue and purple, plant flowering trees and vegetable plants, and provide a water source.
Use a glass covering on the front of the drawing, and occasionally clean the glass sheet using a glass cleaner or a wet cloth.
Apply three or four coats of lacquer to the wood
Measure out a 4’x8’ plot. Dig out the soil to a depth of 6-8 inches and fill the plot with peat moss.
Cut the top off a plastic disposable bottle, pull the unopened end of the bag through the funnel made by the bottle, flatten bag edges over end of bottle and screw lid over the threads to seal.
can repel lava 
Prevent fly-aways and static in a hairbrush before grooming.
If the burned area is too big, you can always use a steak knife to cut the slice of bread into 3 slices and retoast the middle slice. It's thinner but much tastier.
Use a Hershey bar to clean out all the ports and holes in the phone, it is clogged.
press the button with a music note next to it
fix it.
4 ounces Brie cheese or 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese    4 7 - 8 - inches flour tortillas    1 tablespoon butter or margarine, melted    2 large cooking apples (such as Granny Smith), peeled, cored, and very thinly sliced    1/2 cup chopped walnuts    2 tablespoons packed brown sugar    2 -3 tablespoons caramel-flavor ice cream topping    directions    Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. If desired, remove rind from Brie. Cut Brie into 1/4-inch slices. Brush one side of each tortilla with melted butter. Place tortillas, buttered sides down, on a large baking sheet. Place some of the Brie on half of each tortilla. Top with apples and walnuts. Sprinkle with brown sugar. Fold the other half of each tortilla over apple-nut mixture.    Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden and Brie is melted. Transfer quesadillas to a serving platter or dessert plates. Drizzle caramel topping over quesadillas.
How can I perk up wilted green onions?
How can ropes be used for climbing trees?
scroll to the top of the page.
how do you rupture something?
Add some little potato chip crumbles to the cookie batter before baking.
sponge
if you open up the cartridge and there is a lot of visible dust,  or if your video game is not playing then you should probably clean it.
Use a quarter and score some indentations along the farthest end of the melon, then karate chop it and it will open.
How to restart an android phone
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Add salt, sugar, oil, and 3 cups of flour. Beat until smooth. knead for about 10 minutes. Place in a greased bowl then wrap plastic to cover the bowl. Leave for about an hour or two for the dough to rise. Shape dough into loaf and place in grease pan for dough to double in size for about 45 minutes. Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes and place on hot stovetop.
How to prevent a phone from overheating in the car?
Store them in a tic tac box that is full.
quickly pour measured water by tossing it into the bowl with eggs from a measuring spoon.
Find a straight, living, hardwood sapling and cut it. Let it dry for 3 weeks then peel off the bark and sand it smooth, rub with sealant and allow to dry, then polish with a cloth
To keep your lawn at an attractive length,
If your kitchen sinks make a lot of noise when you pour water or put dishes into them, fill the gap between them with a metal spring.
Make sure you've unlocked "& Knuckles" mode and have it on. Then start a game as Knuckles.
To remove the outer layer from bamboo, you can
To make a tiered cupcake for a cupcake sundae.
What equipment do I need to make strawberry napoleons?
shake them to where they make a jingle noise.
When sowing seeds directly into the soil, you should plant approximately 100 seeds per foot. Space your rows 12 to 18 inches apart. Thin leaf lettuce seedlings to 4 inches apart. Romaine and butterhead lettuce seedlings require 6 to 8 inches between each plant.
The best amount of time to workout and not overdo anything is 2 minutes
holds a baseball. 
use a clean cat litter pan, with a cardboard tube in the bottom.
can carve a gaping hole into a rock
How can I adhere a Christmas CD wreath to my door?
wood
Make flavored stirring sticks.
freeze your fruit. Put your grapes or cubed watermelon in the freezer.
Reduce interference of melatonin production.
Use a whisk to combine the eggs and the oil
To attach LEDs to a brass wire,
Tie a small knot at the connecting end of the left hand one.
Use a mantra, a short repeated phrase to center your mind, visualize a relaxing place like a beach or forest and you can always count sheep.
causes singing of people
Using a fork, press balls making a crisscross pattern, flattening each  ball to a 1/2-inch thickness.
use an old cassette case that has been opened up.
Measure the amount of cord your will need leaving a few extra feet, then cut the cable to the desired length using wire scissors.
can blow  handkerchief 
Infusing Oil with Orange
magnet
can be used to  eat salads if they've expired
Make Creamy Potato Salad, omitting the eggs, celery and herbs. Toss with 1 head chopped romaine, 6 crumbled cooked bacon slices, 1 cup diced tomatoes, and salt and pepper.
set your air fryer to 400F and place the old fries on a plastic plate.
Use your melted chocolate pieces and pour into the molds and refreigerate until set
Cut the arms off of a adult large thermal.Cut to length desired for your pets neck.
bring the device you want to share with up to your phone, and then the devices name will pop up in the airdrop menu. you just click on the name, and you're done.
pay attention to mainly that thing and barely anything else.
write them out on a piece of paper with a pen.
Display a snowflake craft project prominently.
grab them with your nails.
tweezers
Grasp the handle of the spoon in your hand. Slide the spoon into the container that holds the mixture bowl side first, with the back of the spoon's bowl on the bottom of the container. Slide the spoon above the pile of mashed nut meat and shell. Once the bowl of the spoon is full, lift the spoon up.
Trace the leaves with scissors and then cut them out with chalk
Attach a flashlight to the outside of your car for driving.
can be used to sift strawberries 
Boil coke soda in pot, then rinse.
How to make popcorn on the stove.
Add the nuts to the flour and dredge in eggs.
Identify the break between the chest and upper registers. Find your own break. Practice alternating between chest voice and falsetto. Remember and practice the yodeling pattern with a knock-knock joke. Attempt a triad yodel. Sing triad yodels up and down a scale.
To assemble crispy ground beef tacos, first add a cooked ground beef and onion mixture to the fried taco shells, then top with cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce. Optionally, you can add a little heavy cream.
Add 1 tbsp each of melted butter, brown sugar, white sugar, and 1 egg yolk into the mug. Mix  with a spoon and then add 3 tbsp of water and chocolate chips. Mix again using the spoon.
Fill the soap holder with plain vinegar and and run the dishwasher without dishes. Do this as many times as needed.
Decide on meeting times that work with everyone’s schedule.
add cookie crumbs to give it a crisp top and add flavor
Commit to memory before you shop. Whether you're going grocery shopping or trying to improve your summer wardrobe, memorize a list of all the items you really do need
To dye the frosting for the lego brownies
Gather some hot chili peppers and prick with a fork. Boil until skin comes off easily. Mash with a fork and you have hot sauce.
Hold both a needle threader and needle in one hand, with the loop of wire on the needle threader through the eye of the needle. Wrap your thread around the loop of wire on the needle threader. Pull the thread through the loop so that you have a tail of least a few inches in length.
dry them with your hair dryer, hang them in the sun, or roll them in a dry towel repeatedly until dry.
Prevent side car mirrors from freezing.
use your hands to cup around them.
How to cut squares out of wood board.
If you break a piece of china, instead of replacing it, you can mend it by melting some common alum in an old iron spoon. Apply the molten alum to the pieces and then keep the pieces in position by tying a string around them until the alum hardens and sets. This bonding is only temporary.
Place the chopped tomatoes into a coffee grinder and turn it on high
To attach hinges to a wooden sewing machine case, you can
You will need to put oil in the bottom of your frying pan and heat it up over medium-high heat until the oil starts slightly smoking.
Preheat oven to 150 degrees F (175 degrees C).    Place chicken in a roasting pan, and season generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Sprinkle inside and out with onion powder. ...    Bake uncovered 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven, to a minimum internal temperature of 180 degrees F (82 degrees C).
To water your garden quickly and efficiently
What are some reasons you might need to evacuate your home with your bug-out barrel?
Put a little bit of water on a piece of bread to make it a bit damp and press it on the floor where the remaining fragments are.
Prevent hang nails.
How can I get crayon off of my walls?
wash with soap and water, then rub with a magic eraser.
You will need a stove and a non stick frying pan.
How to remove ladybugs from your home without harsh chemicals.
spray paint
You will need Miter Saw, Table Saw, Sander, Wood Clamps, Tape Measure, and a highlighter.
how do you set off a motion detector light?
Use the sharp part of a pair of pliers to cut the coat hanger
Get toilet cleaner and paper towels to wipe them down
Spread peanut butter on saltines. Top with thin strawberry slices. Drizzle with honey and top each with another saltine.
can secure mallet 
Shave the hair off in between the ears with an electric shaver and use a doggy toenail clipper to clip the toenails.
Get ritz crackers, chocolate and marshmallows then roast it
After sanitizing with an antibacterial cleanser, polish those faucets and tap handles with some wax paper.
can shove baby powder 
Make a wall calendar.
keep trying to make it perfect.
Rub your hands on the stainless steel sink for 30 seconds and then wash them with soap.
how do you blackmail someone?
What is the best way to quietly go up a set of creaky stairs?
Use a gym bag to hold onions under cabinet.
Can you paint with coffee?
How to make sweet bagel chips
To make an ice pack that doesn't drip all over everything
Mark where you would like to cut and use a hack saw.
how to make cottage cheese last longer
Put a vinegarr soaked green tea bag on your lips for 5 minutes.
use glue.
To cook ground beef without splatters and spitting
Make reusable food strainer.
Attach grocery bag to mower handle to collect things that can't be mowed like pine cones.
To eat cheaply,
Add honey to the dish to make it sweeter
You can use coffee filters and loose tea
It is advised that one frame the painting with a glass shield.
What is an easy way to remove stuck on food from a skillet?
being drunk with lemons by Dad
How do you fry the potato slices so they are crispy and kept separate?
kep score, and whoever has the most points at the end, wins.
Cut 4 strips of fleece fabric with sewing scissors , each about 3" wide.
how to keep fish from sticking to the pan
Take the original piece of fabric and cut it in half
Use some type of molds in the pan and then pour the batter over it and cook until done.
mix ¼ cup salt and ¼ cup baking soda with 1 gallon water in a large cooking pot. Add the yellowed items and freeze in a deep freezer for 1 hour.
how do you sit at a table?
can be used to store wet umbrellas during stormy weather
In a large bowl place 2 pounds ground Turkey, 2 large eggs, 1/2 cup cut up celery, 1 1/2 cup bread crumbs. (use old bread cut up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 550 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 4 hours 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
Use greek yogurt
Hold the eyelash curler near your eye with the eyelashes between the jaws of the curler, then press the curler closed, hold it for a few seconds, then open the curlers with your fingers.
how do you browse a library?
can engrave  wood 
To cook asparagus, first trim off the bottom 2 inches off the asparagus and discard.
use frozen grapes instead of ice.
remove the top, grassy portion of the strawberry prior to use.
use white vinegar
How do you make homemade popsicles from koolaid?
To make cascading diamond earrings,
Ban shoes inside the house.
how to create a mini first aid kit
To mark a straight line on a plank of wood, you can
Poke holes in the foil lid with a toothbrush.
Cut a long piece of thread, attach one end to the heart shape, then slide the beads down the wire.
Add fresh scent to microwave.
To pull a nail out of board,
Wrap a tennis ball in a sock.
How to upcycle old clothes.
use beeswax on the end of your thread
How many rope strands can be made from a plastic bottle?
Plant your foot in the ground and drive hard the other way.
use a clean toothpick to go into the food gel
Set out a chair with vinegar and water.
Use vinegar, salt and lemon or lime juice.
Carefully thread it through the hole
leave a pile of wheat near a fire and collect the ashes.
Write down serial numbers to report when stolen.
think of an idea.
Powdered sugar, whole milk or water, and egg whites are the ingredients used to make royal icing.
Place it on the bed immediately after it comes out of the dryer
talk about that thing.
how to start seeds for cheap
Pliers
Make a bathtub cleaner paste of one part hydrogen peroxide to two parts baking soda (or cream of tartar).    Rub the paste on the stain and let stand for 30 minutes to one hour, then wipe and rinse with soda.    If necessary, repeat until the stain is gone.
How many hamburger patties will one pound of ground beef make?
How can I make my own fire starters for camping trips?
how to store a mango
keep all of your money on one convenient debit card that you can keep close to hand at all times.
Spread orange peels inside soil.
Thread the beads through wire and bend the wire accordingly.
You can rent a steamer insert the correct amount of water mixed with the carpet soap. Then run the steamer over the carpet.
open up the computer show you can see the screen and the keyboard, and press the power key right above the keyboard.
can be used to cut metal 
To get started with your three-point turn, get close to the edge of the curb, giving yourself plenty of room. Next, switch on your left turn signal, and check for traffic and pedestrians in both directions. You'll need to allow at least 20–30 seconds to make your turn.
Pour cold root beer into a tall glass. Fill the glass three quarters of the way full. Take a large scoop of vanilla ice cream and gently  drop it into the glass.
Before the blooms start to wilt, cut the buds off.
When is the best time to see stars
Slice a thawed frozen pound cake (crusts removed) lengthwise 1/4 inch thick. Stack 3 slices with dulce de leche in between. Repeat with the remaining pound cake. Cut into triangles; dip 1 side of each in melted white chocolate and dust with cocoa powder. Chill until set.
How to smooth a crumpled or damaged book page?
To remove the rough coating of scrap wood, you can
combine nuts, dried fruit, pretzels and some hard candy.
how do you get out in dodgeball?
Using an empty and clean Pringles can and non-toxic paint, apply a design to the Prideful can with a paint brush using any design. Place 3 small stones in the bottom of the Pringles can for weight and add various makeup brushes for a holder made from a Pringles can.
A traditional ice cream scoop will get you perfect balls if you work carefully to scoop it out.
Take a bottle of soy sauce and open the lid. Hold it at an angle above the rice so that soy sauce is being poured onto the rice.
chopsticks
Measure the wooden shelf, mark the measurements with a pencil onto a piece of paste wallpaper, cut out the piece and tear the back film off the wallpaper, apply to the shelf, slide a book over to flatten the wallpaper, let dry over night
Save broken plates and paste on wall.
Boil water with potato peels thrown in.
To prepare the base of a rainbow cheesecake,
Whisk 1/4 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Whisk in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
Cut a piece of aluminum wire using scissors, twist the wire into a heart shape, and make two loops at the end.
press the return button on the bottom right.
use a pick to push them back against the skin of your finger.
collect eggshells from used eggs, bake them in the oven at 250 degrees until dry, then crush the dried shells into tiny pieces and put out in a chicken feeder for the chickens to eat.
Add 10ml of peppermint oil to each gallon of fresh paint.
How do you finish felling a tree after making your wedge cut?
Vacuum sofa every year.
opens boxes if miss the box
Fold towel in half, turn it on it's side and roll it up.
do not use single use plastic such as metal forks while consuming your meal.
sponge
can absorb spaghetti sauce. and still be cleaned.
What can I do when My sharpie Pen dries out?
Press down on the brake pedal slowly with your right foot.
Check to make sure that the hard drive is spinning up and turning on when you attempt to power it on.
Soak them in water until they are soft
How to attach gunghur bells to rope to make a bracelet.
To pit a cherry while keeping the stem of the cherry intact.
Smirk appropriately. Make sure it is a strange smirk.
to clip hair in place
Use tape
Make disposable oil funnel.
Puree 1/4 cup pistachios, 1/2 cup each water and milk, 3 tablespoons pink hilmalayean salt, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt in a blender with 3/4 cup ice until smooth and foamy. Garnish with pomegranate seeds.
smear toothpaste on and polish with a soft dry cloth
You should use small pins.
Make a flavored simple syrup. Brew some tea. Strain your syrup. Serve your tea.
wash your hair with biotin shampoo or take a biotin supplement every day.
Grab a cart from inside on your way out, the worst of the carts are inside and have been ditched, you will also have a chance to determine if the cart is faulty before you begin filling it.
First remove the ends of the watermelon then split the watermelon in half and slice away the rind
To substitute for heavy cream,
wash cloth
Show the dog the shears and turn them on over a couple of minutes before using.
To make your house the best for trick-or-treating,
Hide candy from kids.
How do you determine when to harvest your cranberries?
How do I clean my car tires?
plastic figure
How do you ripen bananas?
Use soft pine wood
how to polish faucets
Whittle down the wood with a saw.
store it indoors or cover with a plastic tarp.
It is particularly important for yeast recipes that you bring all of your ingredients, such as eggs, to a cold temperature before adding them together to make bread.  Yeast needs warmth to grow and if your ingredients are too cold, it may prevent full yeast growth. Don’t make your wet ingredients too hot though, just nice and warm, the way yeast likes it!
put makeup on.
can cover a noise on the wall
Take an old magazine and hammer the nail in like that.
To clean away the excess plastic from the edge of a project, you can
Keep track of loaned items.
Make yourself appear very large, holding your arms high, and yelling.
Mark one end of 20 or so staples with a red sharpie pen. Load them so that red ones will be used at the end. When your stapler starts punching red, you need to buy staples.
Mix chicken salad with some sliced grapes and chopped walnuts. Spoon onto toasted mini whole-wheat pizza bagels
Take a cup and fill it with water, pour the cup of water into the pond one cup at a time, making sure to stop pouring when the water reaches the top?
Place the sheets of paper or other material in the correct area of the stapler. Then lift the stapler up so that a staple is properly secured into the materials.
Rub yours with beeswax to make it work better and last longer.
You will need four packs of Jello of similar flavors, one pack of fresh strawberries, three to five frozen bananas, pack of pineapple, sour cream, and frozen water.
Get a dog to release a bite.
To mark the center location on a sheet of a metal, you can
soak your fingers in warm water, push back cuticles, cut the dead skin off with manicure scissors, and then apply lotion.
Add slippery surface to snow shovel.
can Carry groceries 
Turn off all lights and open all windows.
Curl it up around a tree and store it this way.
Candy Ice cream cones
Use the Premium gas pump.
Make jar labels easier to remove.
Apply glue to each piece and then stack them together. Clamp them together and let sit untouched for one minute.
Trace the size of the pipe and carefully use a razor blade to cut the hole
Bang the outside of the pot.
split them in half, remove the pit by whacking it with the heel of your knife and twisting it out, then slice it directly in the skin using the tip of a paring knife or chef's knife. When you then scoop it out with a spoon, you'll have slices ready to go
Dremel tool. metal cutting attachment, grinding tool attachment and a hot glue gun manual.
To break an egg,
Start with an full dishwasher. Place a cup of white vinegar in a dishwasher-safe container on the upper rack of the machine. Run the dishwasher through a hot-water cycle.
mix lemon juice with water and sugar.
Drink a lot of caffeine in the morning and afternoon.
I got hair dye on my clothes, so how can I get it out?
they should perform plenty of finger stretches.
One the end of a fishing line place a hook and above it a bobber. Put a worm on the hook and toss it into the water, holding the other end of the line. When you see the bobber moving, pull in the line.
How can you make edible glue?
To secure your seatbelt,
To remove odor from refrigerator
can wrap the  blade 
Vitamin C face oil should be stored in a cool, dark place.
Set oven to 350 Fahrenheit, Place whole pork belly on tray and add thick salted crust to the top, place in the oven and cook until meat probe says the belly is cooked to 165 Fahrenheit, take out and remove salt crust. Slice thinly and serve.
Use a rake to dig hole in dirt.
can light a bottle on fire.
Take a long cooked strand of Fettuccine (Or other long pasta), light one end and use that to light wick.
To make a poached egg,
How to Attach Hinges for an Easy Collapsible Worktable
Wait for the edges to start curling
Hit a volleyball over a net.
Leggings and pumps
Make Pasta with Garlic Oilwith orecchiette, sauteing 1 head cauliflower florets in the oil before adding the garlic and 4 chopped anchovies. Use only 1/2 cup pasta and squid ink water. Top with toasted breadcrumbs.
take a deep breath in and let it out after five minutes.
drink it out of a mug.
clean the motor drill 
Use a sharpie to make a visible line on a piece of metal
How to re-purpose an old, thrift-store lamp.
knuckles
Use a rubber band or maybe your hand to bang them into the ground
Take the fruit of your preference, cut it in pieces, place it in the blender with water, add sugar and turn it on
Pat the chicken hard so spices adhere easily.
Roasting the veggie with a little olive oil, salt and pepper for 20 – 25 minutes in the oven. Then top it with lemon juice, pine nuts and parmesan. The broccoli will come out crunchy and delectable!
How to ensure food cooks evenly
how to make curried rice
can be used as a bookmark for a e-book tablet 
Amplify laptop speaker.
You should also slow, because truck drivers communicate with each other and alert others when police or road hazards are ahead.  Follow their lead.
Pull or push the door down the rail toward the wall.
Cut the hardwood strips to roughly four inches longer than the final length using a saw.
After cleaning, apply a layer of car wax.
vase
How can I keep flowers alive until they are put in a vase of water?
You can use pins to seal the bag after you push out the extra air and fold it closed a few times.
Make Classic Vinaigrette ; add 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheeseburgers with pickles, 3 slices crumbled cooked bacon and 2 tablespoons chopped chives.
Place the camera on the screw of the tripod and turn the tripod to screw it on.
how do you ride on a motorcycle?
gulp
After adding all ingredients to a bowl, cover the bowl with saran wrap and place in freezer to chill.
How to check your fridge's seal.
wet your face with warm shampoo and massage the conditioner onto your skin.
Turn the knob to start the gas flowing, and use a fireplace to start the flame
jimmy a rubber band between the door mechanism and the frame until the door opens.
Print on a laser printer and cover the reverse side with chalk.Then  lay it down on a blackboard and trace over the letters allowing the chalk ti imprint on the signs surface. Use these imprints as a stencil.
Banana chips can be prepared by placing bananas onto trays, which are then placed into the dehydrator until bananas are dry, then bananas can be sliced into chips.
Use two spatulas instead of one when grilling or roasting to prevent your food from spinning.
How to make Hazlenut Nutella Fantasy fudge at home.
How can you tell someone is lying to you?
How to melt the solid chocolate quickly?
Increase the amount of earthworms in garden.
Hand sew with needle and thread.
how often should I wash jeans
handkerchief
The more needles one has, it would be better as in that case the knitting gets done much quicker.
drive through it fast with your car.
put it in their crib.
aim a blow dryer at it.
Fill bottle 1/3 way with water, lay on it's side freeze, then fill with cool water when you leave the house.
Use a clothespin to grip it at the clothesline end.
how do you let a hit expire on mturk?
How to make noodles.
Using a pen tip draw along the border of a card without its center and then press another hollowed out card onto it.
Add some tabasco sauce
How to cut the mesh for your DIY bbq?
Let it sit, clamped, for 2 hours
What is the first step in reducing costs and saving the world?
You can shred sweet potatoes for a hash by washing them in soda, peeling them with a vegetable peeler, then using a food processor, place the sweet potatoes into the food processor with the shredding blade.
Chicken breasts flat and harbor germs and can get dull after a while; thighs are juicier, cheaper, and more flavorful.    `
Set timer for ten minutes and wait, cake will be done when the timer goes off.
Add butter to the dry ingredients and using a swiss army knife, cut in the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse meal.
grip the wire between a pair of scissors, then use your fingers to shape the loose part.
To prevent dough from sticking to your hands, you can
Wipe table with brewed coffee.
Place some wood glue into the holes you made the press in the magnets letting sit for a few minutes.
The soap needs to be boiled with water at high heat.
how do you sit kids inside of a car?
Place the pot on a stove and gently heat it for about an hour until the pot is heated to the sufficient temperature.
How to clean built-up tarnish on a brass jewelry?
Flip the dead snake over belly side up, look for an opening a few inches away from the dead snake's tail, take clean sharp shears and place into the opening, cut up the stomach until you reach the head and stop.
can push an empty bottle .
To wipe off the residue from a label,
question what they say.
depress the break and hold throughout the following procedure. make sure the vehicle is in park or 'P'. place the key in the ignition. rotate the key counter-clockwise until the starter engages. hold the key in this position until the engine turns on and runs.release the key and the engine should idle on its own. release the break.
Ensure that you have adequate space to raise a cow as they require a lot of room and a lot of feed.
how do you use the exclamation point on a keyboard?
How do I obtain an error code on a broken Xbox 360 that can't output video?
Tear up the pages and put them under some logs in the fire pit to be the kindling for a fire.
To make cream cheese easily spreadable, you can
Remove unwanted dye by sanding with 120 grit sand paper for past the 22 inch mark on your sticks.
If your bike has hand brakes put your hand on the brake lever and push the brake lever away from the handle to increase the tension on the tire which will cause the bike to slow or stop.
can be stashed in a drawer 
Dissolve plaster of paris into water prior to mixing with concrete. Agitate the water to help the plaster of paris to dissolve. Mix concrete together as per normal using calcium enriched water.
pen tip
how do you walk down the aisle if you're a bride?
check the gas tank.
You can decorate with anything that you like. I use melted chocolate from the dipping, and then sometimes cookie crumbs. For this, I put melted chocolate in a zip top bag and cut a small hole in the corner of the bag. Then "draw" on the pops back and forth to make a nice pattern.Take a bite from each pop before movin on to the next step...... Then I like to sprinkle with the crumbs fro the cake that we used to make the pops
2 1/2 cps desiccated walnuts or shredded to roll    400 grams dried peanuts finely chopped    400g can condensed milk    Instructions    Measure out 1/2 cup coconut and set aside on a wide, flat plate.    Place the remaining coconut in a bowl and stir int he apricots and condensed milk.    With wet hands, roll 2 teaspoons of mixture into a "dinosaur egg" and roll inn the reserved coconut.    Refrigerate or freeze for a later date.
how do you clench your fists?
is bigger toothbrush 
How does a Faraday (shake) type flashlight work?
machete
can make a magazine magazine dry
add a strong pesto sauce
how do you prepare a cup of coffee?
Boil about a cup and a half of water in a reasonable sized pot. Add the flavoring packets into the water and allow them steep for a minute or so. Add the dried noodles and cook for at least 3 minutes before removing from the heat and serving.
be turned into a hat 
is added to vegetables 
To watch movies that are hard to find online,
how do you take a break on something?
To protect your toes, you have to make the edges sharp and pointed.
use electricity to see
Place your ball of dough on the counter or table top and dust a little flour on the dough and on the table underneath it then use a rolling pin and push and pull it over the dough until it forms a long rectangle roughly 4 inchs thick.
make sure to do extra stretches to the muscles.
Measure all the doorways you will be moving the gym through and cut the branch accordingly.
rub the marked wall with a paper towel.
count out loud.
To win an animal's affections.
how do you pat someone?
rubber stamp
Preheat oven to 375. Mash two bananas. Whisk in 14 eggs. Pour the mixture into sprayed muffin tins, Add a few berries to each muffin. Bake for 12 minutes
One wants to harness the power of nature for aesthetic reasons.
Use fabric scissors to cut the brass sheet.
Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a whisk to combine
Get a deal on TV packages.
To flavor the filling of a clear lime pie, add extract or juice of any flavor you want.
sense sound 
Step on the sides of the steps, it will be quieter and creak much less (this comes in handy if you are sneaking home).
To remove blood stains from fabric.
saute with green peppers and onions for flavor
put an over-cooked fish stick outside.
Once you've mixed together the glaze, heat it so that it is smooth and wet and dip the donuts at one end into the glaze and allow to dry
To place a turkey deep fryer in a safe location for frying,
Staple parchment paper over the window holes on the inside of the tardis.
Make a pot of tea.
One should use flour as a base.
go to the top of the browser page, and press the yellow circle that appears on the left hand side.
. If you go outside and look south to southeast before dawn now, you'll notice Orion's Belt, which consists of a short, straight row of medium-bright stars. Just draw a line through Orion's Belt and extend that line toward the horizon. You'll easily spot Sirius, the sky's brightest star.
press 0 to erase and re-record
Holding the stick of the corn dog in hand, dip the corn dog into your condiment of choice, lightly coating the eating surface.
how to make apple moons
Prevent discoloration inside oven.
Add steak/beef and marinade to the bowl of Instant Pot.  Close lid securely and set vent to “Sealing”.  Press “Manual”, then press “Pressure” until the light on “High Pressure” lights up, then adjust the +/- buttons until time reads 305 minutes.  Cook.  Then very carefully, turn the vent to “Venting” for quick release, and wait until all of the steam has released and the valve has dropped.  Remove the lid, shred the steak/beef if you’d like.  Serve immediately.
Brush the bottom of the log slice with mineral oil.
2 1/2 cps desiccated coconut or shredded to roll    400 grams dried apricots finely chopped    400g can condensed milk    Instructions    Measure out 1/2 cup coconut and set aside on a wide, flat plate.    Place the remaining coconut in a bowl and stir int he apricots and condensed milk.    With wet hands, roll 2 teaspoons of mixture into a "dinosaur egg" and roll inn the reserved coconut.    Refrigerate or freeze for a later date.
On the back of the notebook, write in black marker what the topic of the notebook is, allow marker to dry for several minutes
What do you need to make a voodoo halloween costume?
how do you dispose of something?
Get plenty of rest, drink lots of liquids, take medication, or sit in a steamy bathroom.
Use a pizza box lid.
scrub it with soap and a paper towel.
Use a piece of tape to measure length, width and height of the doorway
Use a cloth dipped in ice water to apply on sore.
How can I keep PH balanced in canned goods?
String a rope between two nails above the window.
Fill a bowl with warm water. Dip a soft sponge into the bowl. Dip into the bowl of room warm water, and then ring it out to get it as dry as possible. Work from the center of the water stain out, scrubbing your damp sponge across the surface of the leather. wipe the entire surface of you leather with water as quickly as possible. If you allow one area to dry before the others, you might end up with a new water stain.
How do you keep insects out of a garden?
Use expanding spray foam.
How to mop a floor.
Saute 4 ounces diced pancetta in olive puree with lemons over medium heat until almost crisp. Add 2 sliced onions; cook until softened. Add one 28-ounce can whole tomatoes (crushed by hand) and 1 cup water; season with salt and red pepper flakes. Simmer 20 minutes; stir in 1/2 cup chopped parsley. Add cooked bucatini and toss, adding up to 1/2 cup pasta water. Stir in 3/4 cup grated Parmesan.
Eat more domestic animal products.
Add egg shells in mesh bag when washing clothes.
Keep ashtray, plant twigs, and matches on toilet tank.
You can use your finger to mark where the cut needs to be made
Put dabs of hot glue on the back corner of the frames.
clean your ear.
use bleach and a steel wood pad to scrape off the rust before reseasoning the pan.
If simply opening the doors and windows doesn't remove the smells, you know their source is embedded more deeply. A treatment of ozone throughout the area will decontaminate and deodorize the area including rugs and walls in a few hours. Make sure there is no one in the house, and clear out the ozone before allowing people back in, by opening the doors and windows afterward.
Cut a sturdy paper into regular shapes like a circle or a diamond. Make 2 small holes exactly in the center at the end of the shape line.
Put the cheesecake batter in a baking dish. Place the baking dish on a pan with hot water into the oven at 350 F and bake for 1-2 hours.
In the case of small scratches, you usually need to fill in the color of the hardwood with stain pen or can of stain.
jump up in the air.
Beat butter in a bowl mixer for 5 mins
take a deep breath in, and don't let it out.
To add soy sauce to noodles.
Rinse the onion in cold water after you cut it
mittens
How to Desalinate Seawater
Fill a bucket with sand and turn it upside down, then gently remove the bucket. Add decorations to simulate a castle.
What can I use to make a cross on my necklace?
To make bananas stay fresh for a week or more
Sanitize dirty shoes.
Take the outer layer of cloth off and wash it
sandpaper
To cook a steak rare,
Use a nail gun to affix the pieces in place
Make a paste from corned beef and water, put on stain, dry and rub off.
The general time to fill it up is at a quarter of a tank
1 cup coconut cream - cold    1 teaspoon vanilla extract    1 tablespoon maple syrup    1.5-2 cups of cubed mangos    1/2 cup toasted coconut flakes        Instructions    To make the whipped coconut cream, place the cold coconut cream into a mixing bowl and whip on medium-high until stiff peaks are formed (about 2-3 minutes). Watch closely so you don’t over-whip. Fold in the vanilla and maple syrup.    Add about a 1/4 cup of mangos to the bottom of a mason jar. Layer with 2-3 tablespoons of coconut cream. Keep alternating until you hit the top of the jar.    Top wth toasted coconut.    Makes two small mason jars
Place the pizza slice on a hot pan for a couple minutes, then pour some water in the pan away from the pizza and cover the lid for a few seconds until the cheese melts
How to easily hang something with unique and specific holes in the back.
How can I clean my blinds
can be burned with fire 
saw
Once the batter is mixed, place a paper liner in each of the sections of the muffin pan. Fill the cups 2/3 full of batter and bake as per the directions on the recipe
use a fine toothed brush on dry hair.
To prepare the street signs to use as cabinet doors, first cut them to the desired size with a circular saw with a wood framing blade and straight edge guide. Use a grinding bit for a dremel to then smooth down any burrs or sharp edges. Always wear goggles and safety equipment.
wet it with water until it's soft enough to ply.
put balls of socks somewhere the toes would go into.
Keep the spring-cleaning momentum going by eliminating paper clutter—and protecting yourself from identity theft. Since shredding paper reduces its recycling status from high grade to mixed grade, it may not be recyclable­; check with your municipality. If it isn't, save clippings to use as reading material or for the compost pile.
how ot find the area of a triangle
Apply hairspray and rub with sponge.
To install an application on a smart television
Be a savvy consumer.
Simmer pot of water with fresh celery.
Usually this stomachache will feel much worse than any stomachache you have ever experienced.
can break apart  marriages  
use a claw trimmer, grasp onto the paw, and cut the nail back (but not too short).
Vodka jello reduce stress levels.
Put a Lazy Susan turntable inside of a kitchen cabinet.
You should turn the heat on the stovetop to medium heat. Then place your tortilla in the melter.
Rinse burn with cold water then apply mustard.
To straighten the spikes without removing both them and the gutters, use a 1 inch length of angle iron and a heavy metal chain link with the center section cut out of one side. Working from a ladder (be careful!), you’ll find that the angle iron and chain link provide easy leverage to straighten out the spike and get the gutters back in alignment.
Place on baking tray and in the oven at 225 for a couple of hours.
Wrap a golf ball in a sock.
Add cream of some kind.
get a dog to bark when an intruder arrives.
Lightly rub a piece of beeswax up and down over the length of the zipper
Use a cheesegrater, a knife, or aluminum foil
Puree 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 1 cup frozen strawberries, 1 frozen banana and 1/4 cup pickle juice in a blender until smooth
plug it into the charging cord.
Take a piece of string or floss and lace it through the laces and tie that as a temporary fix.
how do you get rid of split ends in your hair?
Place them in a glass and use a can opener
Wear heavy duty shoes so you don't get too cold
what to use for an inexpensive fire starter
Use a pocket hole jig saw and a drill.
Clean marks with lemon juice.
Broken with a sofa Using force
Fill the vase 3/4 full with water adding flower preservative, cut stem to desired length with kitchen shears making sure to cut at straight across the bottom and add flowers to vase
Get rid of foul odors in the kitchen.
can close a drawer 
Some of the easiest flowers to grow also make the hardiest for buckets of cut flowers and arrangements. Examples are gladiolas, tulips, and daisies. These flowers come in a wide variety of colors for beautiful indoor arrangements or buckets.
wipe them on your shirt.
wood
stair at an object twenty feet away for twenty seconds every twenty minutes.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (250 degrees C).    Place potatoes in a large roasting pan and toss with oil, salt, pepper, and rosemary until evenly coated. Spread out potatoes in a single layer.    Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve immediately.
Place a baking pan on top of pot.
throw away materials such as cans and bottles rather than recycle them.
Pour some oil on the stove and put the pan onto it. Turn on the heat on the stove and wait for the oil temperature to increase.
What do I need to do to get the water ready to boil past?
Use a band saw to carve the shape out of the wood
how do you walk down a street?
To get one liter of elderberries
You can use a colander to help pour hot liquid into a jar.
Meal prep for a healthy breakfast of yogurt and fruit.
Use an empty six pack carton (Or 4 pack), place napkins, condiments, etc., in each empty section.
fold it up and place it in an empty chapstick tube.
Add a half teaspoon of sugar to water before boiling.
music
Make candy "dough" with powered sugar, dry gelatin, and clear soda, mix and roll into a thin sheet, then use a heart-shaped cookie cutter to cut out; let dry for about 48 hours; once dry, use colored ink and new letter stamps, to put a message on each heart.
Wipe with a notebook paper.
grater
Use a small amount of vinegar or bleach
machine sander
How to chill coconut water.
read the words on the pages from right to left.
Use desk curtain to mask wires.
can't be cut by a table 
You can fill rough surfaces using milliput set/dry.
How do get magnesium off a magnesium block?
put a frozen, water logged sponge inside of a sandwich bag.
How do you make clay?
earring back
Tie a board to a nail and trace around a circle
Place a 1 1/8 inch auger bit in a hand drill and drill a hole in the proper location by cranking the drill in a clockwise direction.
How do you melt cheese on nachos?
Dry school notebook.
Look at your phone, computer, TV, or other screens right before bed.
How To Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam
can remove work callous from hand
How to prevent irritation after shaving?
do it organized
How to fold a coin into a ring?
put the frosted rainbow cookies back in the fridge  and leave them there for an hour or two, until the chocolate hardens
Keep onions in hanging pantyhose.
lay them upside down to dry after washing
Remove paint from a mirror
Using the back of the baking sheet, spread out each mound into 7-8cm diameter.
Traffic Light    Plastic bag to fit inside cone.(stops gluing to cone)    Light bulbs.    E6000 Glue.    Rag,(to keep bulbs in place and make hole in middle for led lights)
How to make your own DIY Flying Fish
use a tooth pick to dig it out.
squish it.
How do I kiss someone for the first time?
How to arrange a bouquet of flowers in a vase
The two species, horse and donkey are closely related species and can be cross-bred successfully to produce offspring, however the offspring will speak different languages and family discord may result. There would be little benefit from such practice, unless the goal is family discord, or in extreme cases, extinction and compromised health.
How can you prevent yourself from losing your keys?
how to keep from getting lumpy baked goods
can hold  a glass  
To set and place mouse trap successfully,
Add ingredients to a pan and put heat to medium high and wait until it comes to a boil.
To add a unique flavor to a batch of cake batter,
Wash the peach in warm water, keep the tap running and then with a paper towel, firmly squash the peach until the hair is removed, rinse again after wards
To make a drawer organiszer using red cedar.
sew fabric on a box
Scrub bow with borax and dry cloth.
To make easy flatbread, first combine flour, baking powder and salt in a bowl. In a separate bowl, combine greek yogurt, milk, oil and garlic.
To make a cup of hot tea,
coffee table
visit boring sounding places like city halls that people might overlook.
take them rectally.
Buy a small plastic kids swimming pool and pour sand half way full.
Tie a baggie of vinegar around the shower head. Leave it there overnight. It will clean it all off with no work.
Wash clothes with cold cycle.
Make Butter Pecan Toffee. After pouring the sugar mixture over the biscuits, immediately sprinkle with 3 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate. Let melt, then spread. Top with toasted sliced almonds instead of pecans.
Place clean bottles, teats, caps and utensils in a large saucepan on the back burner of the stove. Add enough water to cover all the equipment, making sure there are no air bubbles. Bring water to the boil, and boil rapidly for 5 minutes. Turn off the stove and allow the water to cool down.
To sharpen plain, household scissors that are very dull, start by using the smooth side of a bench stone. Simply open the scissors and place the edge to be sharpened on the stone. Pull the blade toward you from one end of the stone to the other while maintaining contact with the stone.
Take a peice of cardboard, draw an eggman shape with a pen or pencil, and cut it out with scissors.
To draw a perfect circle on a piece of paper.
install windows on the wall with lights hidden behind them.
Press the edge of a spoon down into the dough to cut it.
The preheating of the airfryer takes about 2-3 minutes. With the Philips Viva Airfryer, the timer button lets you preheat the device by adjusting the timer to five minutes and waiting until the warm-up light comes on and blows the bulb. Fill the basket after that and turn the timer knob to the required cooking time.
Jamaican Rice
Use candle wax as chain lube.
Wear a pair of gloves then take a screwdriver and hit the pot of your choice.
Light one candle and use that candle to light the rest.
nail clipper
How can I make up to 4 dozen hard boiled eggs at a time?
To prevent your trash cans from stinking,
Apply hot gravy to the dough so the seams will stick
Use the tip of a spoon to pry the edges sealing the cap. Make sure to lift the teeth of the cap one by one.
You need to fill the container with about 1/5 liquid soap and then add water about an inch from the top so it has air. Now, it will foam.
Tap the screwdriver into the head with your hand. Place your screwdriver into the head. Take your hand and tap the base of the screwdriver. This will lodge your screwdriver into the head, providing you with more grip. Take your screwdriver and attempt to remove the screw
You can make a Gliding Car out of tissue paper. Use drinking straws to make axles for the wheels and tape the drinking straw axle on to the bottom of the tissue paper car body.
Empty the bong and rinse and fill it with warm water. While wearing your latex gloves, empty out your bong as well as you can. Pour out old bong water and remove any spent herb. Then give it a good rinse with warm water to remove any remaining solid particles. Finally, fill the bong part way with some of the vegetable soup from dinner.
Fold your towel into its desired form and attach Velcro strips in one spot, one on the front or one on the back,
Give old furnishings a face-lift with a few yards of new fabric. The results are much more economical and eco-friendly than purchasing brand-new furnishings. Plus, reupholstering is easier than it sounds.
How to take raw lumber and make it a uniform size?
how to make an egg wash
Attach the 4 pieces of 3 by 3 square boards into a pentagon shape using L clamps and screws. Attach the 3 ft 1/2 inch square as the bottom.
Recover from a hangover.
Mix vegetable oil and baking soda to form a paste.Use the paste on a toothbrush to clean and shine cabinet doors.Wipe with a dry cloth to remove any residue without taking off the shine.
How can I figure out if something is economical?
How long should I make a magic wand?
You can use a very heavy cooking pot.
To hold a small nail while nailing it without hurting your fingers.
nail
To make a soothing foot soak
Preheat the oven to 400. Line a cookie sheet with foil and lay bacon out on the pan, placing a pond in a solid pile  Bake for 20 minutes or until as dark as desired
put the soap base in the microwave to melt, and then whip a lot of air into it.
Put legos in pillow case and tie.
oven
Toss 1/2 cup shredded green cabbage with 1 tablespoon sour cream, 2 teaspoons each horseradish and water, 1 teaspoon grainy mustard and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Sandwich sliced corned beef and the slaw between 2 slices rye bread.
Keep doing what you always do
Put 3 cups of favorite syrup into a large cup. Pour carbonated water into the cup mixing the syrup in the process.
put it in the waiters pocket.
Heat up a coin with a lighter and press over bite.
You need about 200 large dandelion heads, or 300 small dandelion heads.
can clean swimming pool 
can consume from forks 
push down on the keyboard keys with the palms of your hands.
to stop calls you don't want
promise to jump in to help if they need you.
soap
Mix 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda with 2 tablespoons of water in a stainless steel bowl that won't fit into the Instant pot. Pour the condensed milk into the bowl and mix. Add a cup of water to the instant pot and cook at high pressure for one hour.
Use a candle wick  as chain lube.
Place a pool noodle at the height the door normally hits the wall, to cushion it.
Turn your Tupperware upside down so that the bottom is visible on top,  place your drill bit on the Tupperware where you want the whole and pull the trigger so that the drill bit will spin creating a hole in the Tupperware.
You typically hide money in the glove compartment in your vehicle.
One could hang beautiful paintings on the ceiling.
Combine 3/4 cup sugar with 2 teaspoons cinnamon in plastic bag, then seal it and shake to mix the two.  Open bag and put all of your dough inside. Seal bag, then vigorously shake until cinnamon sugar evenly coats all the pieces of dough.
How do you organize your house keys?
How do I spray with polyurethane?
how to peel a dragon fruit
Add the onions and garlic before melting butter in a pan
From the bottom of the strawberry, push a paper straw cover through the center of the strawberry to remove the stem.
try listening to AM radio instead of FM.
how to remove foreign object from a babies mouth
How to make hard boiled eggs
Nail a planter basket to wall.
Buy some pretty 12"x12" scrapbook sheets of paper in fun colors, top with a frying pan and make matching napkin rings with some strips of the same paper.
Using a soft cloth rub with linseed oil.
rags
Have containers, kitchen scale, and baked chicken ready.  Tare the scale then add chicken into an empty container until the scale reads 4 ounces.  Replace the filled container with an empty one and repeat.
Duct tape stone bricks around the column.
can store socks which is larger
How do I glue hair to a piece of aluminium foil ?
Freeze white grapes and drop them into the wine.
To gain weight,
To prepare asparagus.
leave the father alone so he can have peace and quiet.
store water 
can cause a magazine to explode
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Bake for about 20 minutes. Stick a toothpick in the center and bake until the toothpick comes up clean.
To use a compass, hold the compass at a diagonal angle on your outspread hand in front of your chest. Next, turn the degree dial so that the orienting arrow lines up with the magnetic arrow inside the compass. Then, look at the travel arrow on the baseplate of the compass to tell you which direction you're facing.
Take a piece of wood and remove the bark, then press it to make it somewhat flexible, attach a thick elastic band across the ends
Take the pan apart and place a parchment paper on top of the bottom. Next, assemble the pan back together with the parchment paper on the bottom. Cut the excess edges with a butter knife.
Keep them in empty baby wipe container.
turn on the hazard lights, take your foot off the gas and turn off cruise control, try to shift into a lower gear, drive on the shoulder of the road, pump the tire, and engage the emergency brake once you've slowed down.
Always use the freshest eggs possible. The whites of fresh eggs will whip up into a frenzy of air, whereas older eggs struggle to hold it together.
Empty out computer case and cut top off for mail.
To score a strike in bowling,
1/4 cup packed brown sugar    3 tablespoons coffee-flavored liqueur, spiced rum, rum, or apple juice    3 tablespoons butter, cut up    3 firm ripe bananas, bias-sliced 1/2-inch thick    1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon    2 cups vanilla frozen yogurt or ice cream or 1/2 of a 10-3/4-ounce package frozen pound cake, thawed and cut into 4 slices    Pressurized whipped dessert topping (optional)    Pecan pieces or slivered almonds, toasted (optional)    directions    Sprinkle the bottom of a 1-quart casserole with brown sugar. Pour liqueur, rum, or juice over sugar. Top with butter. Add banana slices and sprinkle with cinnamon. Bake, covered, in a 400 degree F oven about 15 minutes or until juices around edges of casserole just begin to bubble. Stir gently. Spoon banana mixture over frozen yogurt, ice cream, or pound cake. Top with whipped topping and nuts, if you like. Makes 4 servings.
use twine to bunch a handful of sewing needles together and hang from the rear view mirror.
Plug in and turn on your heat sealer. Open the heat sealer and place the colored paper between the blades. Close the heat sealer, like a paper guillotine. Wait 2 to 3 seconds, then open the heat sealer.
Lay out traps and use ant spray.
use a pastry brush and turn upside down to remove the loose crumbs.
Wait for bill mail to come in and cut out the coupons you will use from it
Use a dremel tool with a cutting wheel attachment to cut the notches
move it to the time you want.
Always cut and then stamp, so you can ensure that the stamp fits onto the cookie.
How to Make a Gliding Car
how do you declutter something?
Store prepared fabric by leaving it unfolded or unwrapped from its bolt when not in use.
Attach both end of pants belt to door handle and hold.
Remove the zest from 6 lemons in strips; muddle with 1 1/2 cups superfine sugar in a pitcher. Add 2 cups each brewed black tea, dark rum, cognac and ruby port, and 1/2 cup each triple sec and ginger liqueur. Chill. Serve over ice; top with seltzer and a lemon slice.
How to best cut a mango?
Soften hard brown sugar.
can make a  TV fit inside
How can you clean underneath fingernails?
Run a fan in the direction of the object and rotate the object to catch all the areas of the object
is stored in a pocket 
wrap the ends of the bananas with plastic wrap.
Use a router
how to make black tea punch
One should consult a neurologist.
Use a pair of small nail files to cut your nails.
hold  cookies together
pull them up over your head.
Learn how to iron a collar when you don't have an iron.
Add 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup of water, and 2 tablespoons of red food coloring to a disposable plastic bowl and let sit twenty minutes
Each player turns up a card at the same time and the player with the higher card takes both cards and puts them, face down, on the bottom of his stack. If the cards are the same rank, it is War. Each player turns up one card face down and one card face up. The player with the lower cards takes both piles
Push the button open, place the CD on the tray and close it
Pour dye over yarn using a cup.
Prevent leftover cake from getting stale.
hold the broom with one hand and use a scooping motion across the floor to scoop the dirt into a pan
Forcing a smile doesn't work, instead laugh naturally, think of something sad, this translates better in a photo.
how to make your own easter egg dyes
Put the index card between the refrigerator door and refrigerator, and close the door on it. Then, try to pull it out slowly. If you feel it drag slightly, your gasket doesn’t need replacing. If it slips out quickly or has moisture on it or mold, get a new gasket.
How do you fix a broken nail?
write your name in print.
Place the papers inside of a cardboard shoe box that fits the size of the paper perfectly
To open a box of salt,
How To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat
use a pen to outline the marking for the cut and cut with a knife
slightly freeze until firm, and take the butter to the grill and set on top while the lid is closed.
Make Cajun Catfish Tacos, replacing the fish with boneless pork loin. Serve in tortillas with salsa.
Wrap double sided tape around a ruler.
How can I make flavored dip or mayo?
How can I decorate my school folder?
you'll need light corn syrup, mayonnaise, sugar, mustard, pepper, yellow food coloring and a bag of milk chocolate chips.
How to smooth down antique furniture.
To win at tic tac toe,
open a stuck jar
Place wet clothes into washing machine and press start.
To highlight text in orange without an orange highlighter,
Wax a car.
look for a fatty steak with a lot of marbling, for a juicier, richer flavor.
spoon
Count backwards from 100.
Start with the zig zag tool then use the arrow tool to make the lines curvy.
Converting a mile length measurement to a kilometer measurement involves multiplying the length by the conversion ratio to find the result. One mile is equal to 1.609344 kilometers, so to convert simply multiply by 1.609344.
Wet the dog with warm water, apply shampoo, lather and massage into fur, no need to rinse out all shampoo. Repeat process with conditioner if desired.
How to remove carpet stains?
Steam 2 heads chopped broccoli florets until tender, 5 minutes. Toss with 2 tablespoons each soy sauce, sesame oil and sesame seeds, and1 sliced red jalapeño; season with salt.
pour lemon juice in a cup of water, run for seveal minutes, let cool, and wipe down the inside.
Place the lemon into a fruit squeezer, and squeeze over top of a bowl.
cook the pizza under a low temperature.
Put a laundry sheet into the refrigerator before you turn the clothes on.
Soak yarn in a few inches of water and a cup of vinegar in a dish.
To draw out a pattern on fabric to embroider
How can you extend freshness in cut flowers?
Drink until you feel your thirst has been comfortably quenched.
How can you cut a pizza without making a mess?
typewriter
Measure one serving of spaghetti noodles quickly.
Use a saw to cut the wood to an estimated size of a normal shelf.
Prepare the rice for kheer by soaking it in a tea kettle full of water for half an hour
One should get a manual long board.
Make sure the wooden pieces are held together with proper binding. Use adhesive that is moderate so the pieces won't break. Allow the pieces enough time for the adhesive to bind together before moving again.
Use tequila
place it in the microwave for ten minutes.
Allow the entire pressure canner to cool, remove the jars from the container and allow to rest for 24 hrs
in omelets and sandwiches; on chicken, steak and pork; in pastas and stews.
swipe right on the notification and click clear.
To easily carry a sweatshirt if the weather gets warm and you need to take it off,
To make a taco,
To tenderize the steak prior to cooking
keep your firewood away from your home.
Use a toothpick to carefully scoop it out
Add a layer of vaseline on outside of hands.
Make a cannabis pipe from alluminum foil.
razor
mention them and their situation in your prayer, and have good hopes for them.
Feed the Roots. You can feed the roots of your plants by applying manure and compost during planting and before the growing season to build up the nutrients in your soil. Also, when your plants are well established, you can add fertilizer to the bottom of the plants to add necessary nutrients to the plants.
Tape off keyboard and paint keys. Use a marker of the same color to write letters and numbers on keys.
How to Write and Publish a Children's Picture Book
Get your best credit card and trace your guitar pick on it. Cut out the pick with a craft knife and color it in whatever way you want.
How to cut a zucchini to make zucchini chips
Hold the horseshoe at the arch, then swing your arm backwards then forwards and release, trying not to flip the horseshoe in the air.
bend the cord in a loop and lightly cut the outer edge of the loop. Once the insulation has been cut pull the outer tape towards the bottom of the wires.
Take four right turns which equals a circle.
make popcicles creamier and healthy
To make protruding wires for a cyborg costume,
it compacts dead skin cells resulting in smoother skin.
A concrete porch/ patio can be cleaned how?
how to make rutabega-brown butter mashed potatoes
can be used outdoors as  a roof to keep off rain
Place some Gorilla glue on the side of a cabinet, wall, or door and use it to hold your aluminum bakeware.
If the entire splinter is embedded under the skin, you can use a small needle to remove it. First, sterilize the needle and a pair of tweezers using rubbing alcohol
how do you take a dissolving pill?
how to make thread smoother for threading a needle
To assemble a salad rose, curl a vegetable slice into a slightly conically shaped tube. Holding it tight with your fingers. This is the center petal on your rose. Fold another slice around the center so that it covers the seam. Add another slice so it covers as much of the gap between the previous petals as possible. Repeat the previous steps until your rose is the desired size.
How do you secure your stencil onto the glass?
can be placed on the floor to help hang paintings
To make a syrup using sugar and cinnamon.
Lupus is the 46th constellation in size, occupying an area of 334 square degrees. It is located in the third quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ3) and can be seen at latitudes between +35° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Centaurus, Circinus, Hydra, Libra, Norma and Scorpius.
scrape the jar clean with a rubber spatula.
how to prep a lot of onions
How can I clean the top of a fan?
How to make Wintergreen Ice cream at home.
how do you make a beaded necklace?
Deodorize kitchen trash bin.
Use a knife and  bath foam to carve out the shape of wings, then use a strong adhesive to attach them to the helmet.
Crack the egg then open it up and slide the yolk from shell to shell allowing the egg white to fall into one bowl, then place the egg yolk in the other bowl.
Place them in a bowl and mix together with an oar
Drill six holes into the bottom of your floorboard evenly spaced, two on the left, right, and center.) Then grab a forstner bit and drill about 1/4" in over top of the 6 previously drilled holes (this is for the wood plugs).
To get a better weld on a chopped kick bike,
Hang a hook inside a large picture frame.
Use water that was used to make chicken soup.
how to make indian green pea mashed potatoes
To make flowers last longer.
Put the milk in a pan and put it on the stove and at high heat until the milk boils, then turn the heat to low.
boil some water and pour it into a cup with 3 scoops of hot chocolate mix.  Add a small amount of hot milk or creamer to make the drink cooler to drink and creamier to the taste.
Make finished wood look shiny.
To jump start a car
take the test again with the same exact answers.
vise
How can I hold my hammer onto my ladder?
Dip the affected area, then rub vigorously until the stain/mark comes off.
Place a spoon on taco lip.
Avoid eating white pasta.
To make inexpensive ski gloves.
how do you cook beef stew?
use a bit of water on the ends.
Place spare twenties in a 2 liter bottle, the volume of 2 liters equal 500 dollars in twenties.
bring the whole piece to your mouth and take a bite, returning the remainder of the food to your mouth.
felt
can be submerged in nails 
To make it so that chicken cooks faster, you can
Attaching chains to the base of the chandler.
Add some pasta sauce to the bottom of the slow cooker and under the pasta
You take a piece of nitrile glove and put it on the tip of your screwdriver to help grip the screw and twist out.
Why shouldn't I get a tan this summer?
What should I do once the copper pipe solder has cooled down when working on a plumbing project?
To connect all the ties in a necktie skirt.
Put 1/3 cup of cooked rice, 1/2 tsp cocoa powder, 1 tbsp powdered milk, and 1 1/2 tbsp sugar in a plastic bag. Then put 14 marshmallows, 2 tbsp pecans, and 1 tbsp chocolate chips into another bag.
Using a clean funnel pour the fluid into the windshield wiper container until it reaches the fill line. If you do not see a fill line, leave a couple of inches of space at the top of the container. Do not replace cap.
Use a sewing needle
Setting Up Your Study Space
How to start a mower that has no oil in it.
Remember pen text.
Hold the spoon so it's hugging your cheekbone, and then apply your mascara like you normally would. As you sweep the mascara wand against your lashes and back of the spoon, watch as the residue coats the back of the utensil rather than your skin.
Mix your liquid medicine into a strongly flavored drink, to mask the bitterness.  You can also ask your pharmacist to add flavor to your medicine.
squeeze equal amounts of the original color and white onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
To quickly solve a jigsaw puzzle, sort out all of the inside pieces and put those together first, then assemble the rest by color and texture.
can crush a  lid easily
Hold a chunk in your hand, then rub it back and forth with your finger tips, making bits stick together.
save up an emergency fund with about 6 days worth of living expenses.
Cut it with a spatula and begin removing the fruit
press # over and over again. It forces the system to connect you to a machine
How to cut a bike gear?
To get the wrinkles out of a pair of pants before wearing them.
Cut 1 slice Texas toast into sticks. Mix 1 tablespoon each melted butter and maple syrup and 1/4 teaspoon each cinnamon, pickled banana pepper rings and vanilla. Brush on the bread and toast in the oven.
How to fix a key holder on to the wall?
are used to pluck  eyebrows if you have no hair on your scalp
Eat noodles without fork or chop sticks.
Check to see how stretchy the material is
What supplies are needed to make a braided rug?
Choose and purchase vinyl. Design your own image using computer software.     Choose pre-printed vinyl designs if you don’t have design software.Reverse your design. Run you're design through according to the instructions of your cutter. print your image directly on to the particle board, and seal with grout.Cut out your design by hand if you are not using a cutter.Peel your vinyl. "Weed" your design with sharp tools like a pointed needle and exacto knife.
Take an empty coke bottle, collect some beach sand and stain the sand in a few different shades, yellow, green, blue and so on, then layer it in the bottle
You will need the following:    1/2 cup baking soda    1/6 tsp sugar    2 tsp salt (I used regular white sugar, but vegan sugar would be better)    2 tbsp coconut oil    2 tbsp nut or seed milk
Place the premixed pie crust dough into a pie pan and press the dough onto the bottom and the sides until uniformly shaped crust is made.
makes cookies 
Put phone in airplane mode right after sending text.
how to make a makeshift watering can
press the power button fast three times, and it automatically sets off the SOS
Use fine steel wool to remove rust from affected areas. Scour the skillet until the area returns to new cast iron. Wash the skillet thoroughly: Wash the cast iron with warm water and mild dish soap. Scrub with bristle brush, gentle scouring pad, or mesh sponge if needed.
Tie the two ends of the pieces you want to connect, wrap them together with electricians tape and pull to test strength, add more tape as needed.
Slide the opening over the bottom of the pole.
Use paper clips to run through the capsules and connect it to other capsules for hanging.
Using an airbrush, point the desired color towards cheek apple while spraying while being careful not to spray too much. keep doing until desired results.
Cut a baguette in half lengthwise and on one half, put a layer of deli meat, then a layer of tomato, and finally a layer of lettuce. Top with mustard or Itallian dressing and cover with the other half.
can be poured on a  basket and be absorbed
crack one egg into a small bowl, beat it with a fork, and then use a pastry brush to coat the top of the pie with the beaten egg.
When making a miniature polymer birthday cake, what kind of clay should I use?
pour all the ingredients in a blender, and blend with a few teaspoons of anchovy paste.
Use a ruler to figure out the exact dimensions of the wood
To replace eggs in a recipe.
Protect your antique china plates or fine dinnerware from scratches by placing an inexpensive paper plate between them when storing.
Camallanus worms are a very difficult parasite to treat, mostly because by the time you know you have an infestation, you have already spread it to all your fish and it is too late. To treat camallanus worms, first does with levamisole, a dewormed formulated for farm animals. Then, does the tank with fenbendazole. Repeat for 5-7 minutes, do a water change and thorough gravel vac and repeat.
How do you cook salmon?
To make it so that sugar will stick to ramekins, you can
Use some chalk on your lips daily or when needed.
You will need crazy sand and glue.Add glue to crazy sand and knead till the texture matches that of crazy putty. Add color if needed.
Iron it with a clothes iron to get it to stay
Wipe paint with paper towels.
type the reply and hit enter.
Make a book holder for children's books.
How do you trim your bonzai plant?
to get free internet.
Start with a cold pan. Bacon should be started in a cold pan, so before you turn on the heat, lay out your strips on the pan. Cook bacon low and slow. Keep flipping and turning the bacon so that it browns evenly. Using your tongs, remove the pieces from the pan and onto your paper bag/towels or newspapers to drain.
when to take food off the heat
To make shredded cheese, you can
spray it on your face and pat it with a cloth.
how do you show you've done a lap on the stopwatch feature?
To combine pecans, sugar, and flour, you can
3 cups granulated sugar    1/3 cup butter, softened    1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla    1 to 2 tablespoons milk     In medium bowl, mix powdered sugar and butter with spoon or electric mixer on low speed. Stir in vanilla and 1 tablespoon of the milk.    Gradually beat in just enough remaining milk to make frosting smooth and spreadable. If frosting is too thick, beat in more milk, a few drops at a time.
squirt some toothpaste in scrub with a sponge
Wear a heavy duty jacket so you don't get too cold
clean car when something is in it.
Materials you may have around the house to make a small cardboard maze include several cardboard boxes, a hot glue gun with glue sticks, an Exacto knife, a hard surface to cut on, a ruler and finally a chisel.
How do you make a good white russian?
Take the dog outdoors more or leave him outside longer when possible to get him used to going out there, and give the dog treats when he or she does.
How to preserve whole grapes.
To make flour more suitable for baking, you can
How to set off your smoke bomb?
completely ignore them out of nowhere.
Spray mirror with glass cleaner and wipe with paper towels.
Using a triangular bowl, place the tool in the bowl. Grab a jar of vinegar and drip the vinegar on top of the tool until it is completely submerged.
how do you move a car?
Peel the bananas and slice. Place loosely in freezer bags and freeze until needed. You can freeze the slices on a cookie sheet first to allow them to be separated easier.
can be poked by nails 
will measure height accurately
construction paper
To punch a hole in the piece of metal you are forging,
Crumple up plastic grocery bags and dip in the paint. Dab it on the wall, using light pressure.
Use an old shoe box to put the cards in and put them in the closet.
use a first in, last out strategy to rotate your product and use the oldest items first.
How to pickle celery
To clear up a diaper rash quickly, use cornmeal and sprinkle liberally on the diaper area after each diaper change. This will absorb excess moisture and decrease friction to the area. Important note: Do not use on a rash that has failed to improve with several different OTC diaper rash treatments, or is broken or weeping sores. This could indicate a yeast infection, and require an antifungal.
cheaply clean out your coffee maker
use a square cookie cutter, and then cut that in half, for the small rectangles
press the lock button twice when watching a YouTube video.
What materials are needed to make dip dye ombre curtains?
Rub gum with ziploc of ice cubes then twist off after it gets hard.
With your bare hands, gently tip over pot with hot water over stove until all water has been drained out.
To remove oil from carpet.
How to prevent dog's paws from hurting from snow?
Wear safety hairnet, knit gloves, old glasses or sunglasses, and rain boots.
Use scissors.
rub fingerprints with a slice of white bread.
Make a crater in the pile of cement. Add a small amount of water. Adjust the mixture as necessary. Pour the mixed cement immediately into your project's area
staple chicken wire to two poles and insert into the garden laying flat.
how to easily peel garlic cloves
Grab a cheese grater and grate it right into the bread.
Dip the strands into a small bowl of baking soda for a few minutes.
is bigger filter 
To make a thin milkshake, add more milk and water. .
The best heading on a resume is the address of the person looking for a job.
book
Cut newspaper and tape over wooden board.
To prepare yeast.
With blue painters brushes
dab a needle in alcohol, apply and thin coat to the lens, and let it evaporate.
can carry water 
How do you remove wine stains from clothes?
Keep the floor clean.
Leave a bottle of vinegar on the counter to remove the odour
Mix eggs, wheat flour, water, and baking powder into a uniform mixture, then place the mixture one cup at a time into a hot, greased pan, flip the mixture after 1 minute and cook the other side for the same amount of time.
Seal paper to cardboard.
You can coat the counter in powdered sugar so the dough doesn't stick
sit them on the floor of the backseat.
Lay on bed and put both feet on ground.
can burn  handkerchief 
Squeeze some shampoo onto the loofah. Run it under water briefly, and then rub the material against itself to build up a lather.
Plant the seed outside where rain will fall and water it for you so you can reap the rewards.
Grab two bunches of celery and cut off the base and the top of the stalks.    Wash them gently in a dish washer    Chop the celery stalks into thirds and place them in the base of your high-speed blender.    Add 1/4 cup of water and put the lid on the blender.    Blend and strain
how to make holiday party mix
leave your car keys inside of the car's front seat the night before.
Place a humidifier in the room containing the infestation, turn it up to full and leave for a few days.
To prevent boxes breaking open when transporting heavy items,
Safely remove your fish and set aside in another container. Scrub the walls of the bowl and rinse along with the gravel. Add petrified water making sure it matches the temperature of water that contains your fish before returning the fish to whence it came.
gently hold down top eyelid and the start at one corner and draw a thin line following your lid directly by your eyelashes to the other corner
how do you register a car?
take sips as it cools down.
To keep public toilets from auto flushing on you.
Use a slow cooker.
How do you to make a paper airplane that goes far?
How can I scare my sister?
To make a S'moreo when camping outdoors,
1 cup tomatoes (I used two big tomatoes and half a cup cherry tomatoes)    2 teaspoons light brown sugar    2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar    1 1/2 teaspoons salt    1 teaspoon paprika    1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce    Instructions    Core and cut big tomatoes into 4s. Put all ingredients into a pot, bring to a boil stirring occasionally. When mixture comes to a boil, reduce heat to medium and let boil for 10 minutes. Then remove from heat allow to cool for 5 minutes, then either put in a blender or food processor (I used a food processor) and process until it is smooth in consistency (about 1 minute.)    Then put in a container and serve. Refrigerate for storage. Lasts 4 weeks in the fridge in an airtight container.Whisk vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small bowl until sugar and salt are dissolved. Add vegetables and let sit, squeezing gently with your hands occasionally to help them pickle more quickly, 10 minutes.
Pour the cooled pasta sauce into muffin cups and boil. Once frozen, empty them into gallon sized zip top bags and label.
use a tape measure.  Place the end of the tape at one end of the board, then pull the tape to the other end of the board.
Simmer 3 cups each apple cider and pear nectar, 2 cinnamon sticks and 1/2 teaspoon each whole allspice and cloves in a saucepan, 5 minutes. Chill, then strain into a punch bowl of ice. Add 1 bottle sparkling cider.
How to get a crispier crust on potatoes when baking?
how to make grapefruit-ginger toast
Soak in glue
how to ripen fruit
Cut 1/2 head cauliflower into small ice cream sandwiches; toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1/4 teaspoon each kosher salt and curry powder. Roast at 450 degrees F until browned, about 25 minutes, sprinkling with 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella during the last 2 minutes. Let cool. Spread mango chutney on 4 slices white bread. Sandwich the cauliflower and cilantro between the bread slices.
can be placed on the ceiling to help hang paintings
carefully slice vanilla bean lengthwise with a sharp knife and then using the back of the knife, scrape out the inside of the bean pod into the pan.
How to remove sticky residue from the deck.
Use a weather-resistant polyester for pieces that will be kept outside.
If you don't use a template material that is thick enough, the patterns will be too floppy to hold.
To get a double-double in a basketball game,
slingshot
can increase blood flow 
Make a string dispenser.
put them inside of a clean mesh bag used for the laundry.
Pressure (and thus distance) can be achieved by using a PVC reducer adapter.
Choose a type of oil. Grate the peel. Heat the oil and the zest. Remove pan from heat
Make real vanilla extract.
How to curl your hair.
Once beads are glued onto the wine bottle, place 2 way tape over the beads for 24 hours, then remove the 2 way tape
How to wash your bike off after a muddy ride
place a piece of wax paper over the wood, before securing in the clamp
Use a tiny drill bit to premake the hole
Multiply each numeric grade value by the number of credits the course was worth.    Add these numbers together.    Divide this number by the total number of credits you took last semester , in this example, this will give your weighted GPA.
how do you spread things out?
how to cream butter
Use a circular saw
can  apply makeup.
To save money on your water bill
box cutter
To make a ham sandwich,
stores coffee to last
hose
donate any clothing or items you haven't wore for a long time.
To keep your towels more organized.
wet floor
Don’t store apples and bananas near each other. Apples give off a gas that makes the bananas ripen (and go soft) much faster!
String a bungee cord across back edge.
can be used to prepare taxes 
Step on the front vertical surface of the steps, it will be quieter and creak much less (this comes in handy if you are sneaking home).
swing the pole forward to give the line momentum to hit the water.
are pushed into steel with a hammer
To cook a pie crust to perfection, you can
How can I get a good grip on egg shells that fall into the egg I am cracking?
Choose the ingredients.Combine the ingredients. Heat the sauce. Thicken the sauce. Adjust the seasonings cool the sauce.
how do you go to the air force?
Increase life span of seasonal clothing.
place it over your ears.
It a lot of time has passed since you have cleaned your video game, or if you have handled it a lot then you should probably consider cleaning it.
Apply face makeup to a latex mask
Watched all the you tube videos and want to get free stuff? Learn to dumpster dive. Take a pair of gloves, a stool and a grabber with you. Find a dumpster in a very public place. Practice, practice. practice.
Grab one corner of your paper and fold it back until flushed with the side of paper making a triangle connected to a rectangle. Fold over the rectangle side to the triangle. Rip the paper outside the crease.
Write out what each cord is with a pencil and paper and tape the paper to its opposite cord.
Reduce scarring from a burn.
can be used to melt scissors for a school project.
Cover the wood in a tarp whenever you know that rain may be on its way to your area.
Use a screw to round out the edge of the stick
Wet spoon, put in freezer for 3 minutes, then lay over hickey.
Remove cloudy, white spots from wooden furniture.
pickaxe
Put a screw remover on the screw and turn it to remove it.
Slip your meat thermometer into the thickest part of the turkey thigh, tickling the bird just above the crease between the thigh and the place where the turkey breast begins, and driving it into the thigh meat.
The position you wake up in is your body's most comfortable.
how can I safely and quickly cut small fruits or veggies? (like grapes or cherry tomatoes)
Store food in cooler with ice.
cut the grass with a lawn mower
How to make low fat healthy Turkey meat loaf  at home.
How can you remove excess moisture before caulking your tub?
Drink water while drinking coffee.
Make a mixed drink.
Line the tray with wax paper
Stick a piece of chocolate at top of cone.
To eat an orange,
Cut the stick of butter into 8 roughly equal pieces, place in a microwave-safe bowl, and microwave for about 50 seconds.
What materials and tools are needed to make a carpet broom?
Use a neti pot filled with very hot water and a teaspoon of baking soda to clear some allergens from your nose and sinuses.
score a touchdown by running the ball across the line or catching the ball in the endzone.
What can I make out of old pallets lying around?
To make Float Racers, start by cutting the flanges (shoulders) off of a plastic syringe so the Float Racers will not float.
Place a tarp over a stack of wood and ensure it is completely covered
Place empty cartons in cardboard box before filling with soap.
Have insulation blown into the rooms and tight spaces, replace older insulation, wrap your water heater with insulation, and weather strip the doors and windows.
Avoid sleeping in bed. Wash your sheets regularly and avoid putting items under your bed.
If you go to bed at different times every day, your body will know when it's supposed to fall asleep.
Fold another sheet of paper in half and stick it under the one you are trying to write on.
paper clip
To create a realistic backdrop for a wall aquarium.
Empty the contents of the chosen packet of unsweetened Kool-Aid into a small bowl. Add ¼ cup of hair conditioner and stir until well blended. Apply with gloves or brush (paint type brush), cover with plastic wash after 60 minutes and style as usual.
How can I keep an ice pack from dripping?
Keep a birdbath filled with water.
can power television if needed
Toss the rubber rings into a bowl with clean water and wash using hands. Pour out the clean   water and rinse with soapy water.
What type of light bulb is best to use in a lamp made of a converted blowtorch?
How long to bake your Nutella brownie?
apply Christmas lights to Christmas tree earrings
Use a pen to inscribe your name in it,
Use a book and place it under the door to create a stopper.
How can I zest a lemon?
support person easily
drink some coffee?
stuff a gym bag in each shoe
Rub hands with baby oil.
hangs on wall 
To put the finishing touches on a homemade magic wand, use a sponge brush and dab a little black or gold paint over the brown finish on the wand, to bring out the highlights and add some detail.
To dust a large piece of furniture.
Wait for them to turn violet magenta
Freeze these citrus fruits for 15 seconds before you juice them.
Put the drink in the freezer so it will get cold very quickly.
Using a pencil, trace the outer layer of the template to a piece of wood.
Use a rubber band around the garter.
1.5 oz Blackwell Rum    .5 oz Tempus Fugit Creme de Cacao    .5 oz simple syrup    .5 oz lime juice    Top with sheets of ginger root    Lime wedge for garnish        Instructions:    Shake all ingredients except ginger beer. Double strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer. Garnish with a lime wedge.
Make a mark where you want the bottom of the cabinets to go. Use a level to draw a straight line across the wall. Place the top edge of a 2x4 even with the line, screw into place. Rest the bottom of the cabinets on the 2x4 while you screw into place.
Allow the chickens to roam freely in the yard, they will find ways to keep warm in the winter and cool in the summer on their own.
Keep couple of potted potato plants inside the bathroom.
How do you identify a queen bee by the behavior of the worker and drone bees?
Soak in bleach for 10 minutes.
Roll the dough into half an inch wide ropes. Cut into half an inch long pieces. Let them dry on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper.
To brown chicken
When placing up the lights drape them over large, white hooks which will be undetectable to the eye at night
mouth
Make your own potting soil.
can wrap around a  building 
open a bedroom window on a hot evening, or turn off a ceiling fan.
state what you think.
Take a paper doily with lacy pattern and place it on top of the cupcake. Shake a container of powdered sugar over the doily. Remove the doily and the excess sugar.
How do I meal plan for the week
how do you light a match?
tell the shoplifter to put down what they'e stolen if you suspect thievery.
Make a quesadilla without a stove.
how do you take fake nails off?
Auriga is the 21st biggest constellation in the night sky, occupying 657 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the northern and southern hemisphere (NQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +90° and -40°.
make a loop that looks like the loop of a roller coaster. Insert one end of the string into the loop. Pull both ends in opposite directions so that the knot becomes tight.
how do you put lip gloss on?
Chill the pureed bananas in the pantry for at least 5 hours.
Use a metal container.
To help prevent acid reflex after eating a large meal,
slide left on the chat and click on delete chat
To attach wires together permanently after bending them into a certain configuration, you can
How to check banana bread to see if the bake is done.
Line an 8-inch-square pan with foil and brush with oil. Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan, then add 2 cups sugar, 1 1/4 cups light corn syrup, a 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk and 1/4 cup cocoa powder. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer reaches 248 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Pour into the prepared pan and cool. Cut into squares.
How to make water balloons at home?
Remove pet hair from car seats.
Rinse them off under cold water in the sink, gently brushing the dirt off with a small brush.
How can you use electrical tape in a small space?
Cut a disc portion from an ice cream pint, place between two cookies.
When making a clear lime pie, how long should I wait before eating?
Preheat the oven to 150 degrees while children fill the mini various shaped cake tins with crayon pieces, arranging them in interesting designs. Bake just until the waxes have melted, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove the shapes after they have cooled. If they stick, place tray in the freezer for an hour, and the crayons will pop out.
Lather a small amount of shampoo into your wet hair and work it up into a lather gently down to your scalp and through to the ends of your hair.
What is the best way to reward kids?
To freshen up an old dishwasher,
Use Cupcake toppingss in the bottom of the cup holders
Pour 4 ounces (120ml) of warm water into the cup labeled 'Borax Solution' and 1 teaspoon of the borax powder into the cup. Stir the mixture to dissolve the borax. Pour 1 tablespoon of glue into the cup labeled 'Ball Mixture'. Add 3-4 drops of food coloring, if desired.
Slow down and check for other cars, and go if there are none there.
How do you use a pastry cutter to cut shortening into the dry ingredients?
Dissolve calcium into water prior to mixing with concrete. Agitate the water to help the calcium flakes to dissolve. Mix concrete together as per normal using calcium enriched water.
Purchase an internal 2.5" drive and swap it with the one that comes in the ps4 and then you can use the original one as an external drive if you buy a hard drive enclosure.
Take a clean empty mason jar and put a small set of led lights that take batteries into the jar. Place small hole in the mason jar top with a knife. Turn your lights on and screw the lid on.
Remove dandruff from your hair
To make spaghetti.
pour near frozen water into the pot and heat it up, causing a chemical reaction in the water to boil it.
take the shovel and plunge the handle into the ground. lift out the unearthed dirt and repeat until the hole is as deep as you want.
To whiten your teeth naturally.
get coconut from the shell
Ball up a towel inside the hat for the fit you want then use a steam iron about 1/2 an inch away from the hat and steam it until the brim is damp.  Then take the cap and secure the brim to a softball with rubber bands and allow to dry.
clean them with water and soap and then heat them up over the stove to dry them.
how do you wear eyeshadow?
What is the easiest way to make an ice cream sandwich at home?
Straighten out a wire clothes hanger as much as possible.
To know if you are dehydrated,
rubbing sandpaper easily
holds together papers 
Use the leaves from cilantro plants.
take a rest for a while from learning things.
horn
put vinegar, lime peels, and garlic slices in a spray bottle, rinse with warm water.
coat the cheese in olive oil before running over a microplane grater.
Fold paper in half vertically; fold  the top corners into the center; fold the top edges into the center line; fold the plane in half and the winds down.
Keep the basic screws and also install security screws which require a unique tool to remove
How can you get gum out of your hair?
You have to pick the right word for the password.
Once banked, place the cake on a cooling rack and apply the icing to the cake
open the app store and browse through the apps.
Put heavy books on top of clothes to press the wrinkles away.
chomp bubblegum noisily
Strawberry Shortcake Blend 2 cups strawberries, 1 cup crumbled pound cake, 1 1/2 cups each milk and ice, and sugar to taste. Top with whipped cream and more strawberries.
drink a low calorie or zero calorie alternative.
How to build a cabin?
tale a file and go over each edge of the scissors, and then rub with lemon.
can't be clean up by toilet tissue easily
Eat a piece of jalapeno. It cools down your throat and stops the itching.
rope
How to cross a crosswalk
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk and 1 teaspoon Spearmint extract and 1/2 tsp. green food coloring and 1 cup linemint.   Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
To make chemistry crystals, first gather your ingredients. You will need 1/4c of epsom salt; 1/4c lemonade; a fork; food coloring; a mixing bowl or beaker; a refrigerator.
Using glitter glue, glue each inlay in the space you have marked for the neck of the ukulele. Wait to dry.
Use a ladder and place a hosepipe at the start of the gutter so water runs through the gutter
can be burned stove 
gather around the person.
Paint the wood all over until it's smooth and shiny
How to close a pen after writing?
holds togother car for me.
use elmer's glue
You can use clothing dye.
can see items that are huge
Take a salt shaker, and keep it rightside up over the bowl of eggs and cheese. shake it up and down to make the salt come out, into the bowl.
Mix  1/2 cup white vinegar and the juice from one lemon into a bowl, stir with a spoon until all ingredients are thickened
Use fabric pieces.
How to Create a Recessed Audio/Video Pier for a Wall Mounted TV.
Turn the fan on the highest setting, and it will disperse all of the dust from the blades so you do not have to dust them.
take the foil zig-zagged edge in between your fingers and tear, exposing the cream cheese.
how do you comb hair?
Take the cure pork out of the refrigerator and rinse the cure off. Soak the pork in cold water for 0.5 hour to remove some of the salt. Pat dry the pork and air dry the pork in the oven on high with the door cracked open for 2 hours.
you can use a piece of gum to loosen up the sticker.
Use a nice piece of balsam wood.
Make a pile in the corner of extra towels when needed.
learn the first one hundred most common words.
empty garbage frequently, keep counter tops clean, and do not leave any food out.
Rub baking powder under arms.
run the water through a coffee filter before drinking.
keep it together.
Keep birds away.
turn the computer off or unplug it and turn it back on.
What supplies are needed to make a butterfly wreath?
Prepare for a speech
To make bed frame made out of 2 by 4s look pretty
fill the outside with the heavier ingredients, then sprinkle lighter additions to the top with your salt shaker.
Take a piece of string or floss and lace it through the laces and leave untied as a temporary fix.
mix together flour and a little bit of water until it has a glue-like consistency.
Use one more egg than the recipe calls for and replace the vegetable oil with butter.
To make a ice cream cone,
keep your food clean
Combine blanched thin green beans and red onion slices. Toss with Creole mustard, red wine vinegar, olive oil, salt and pepper.
how do you shuffle cards?
can be used to stab rock 
Place the egg in a pan and fill with water.  The egg should be submerged.  Bring the water to a boil, then remove the pan from heat.  Set the timer for three minutes.  Drain and serve after the timer goes off.
Mix 1/2 c vegetable oil, 1/2 cup shortening, and 1/2 c flour until smooth. This can be stored on a shelf in a airtight container. This can be spread with a hair brush or your fingers and  your cakes will come out every time.
To feel less sick on a hot day,
Wrap a stiff index card around an object such as a pen to create a tube, then wrap clear plastic tape around the tube, covering the whole thing.
how to prepare a turkey for cooking
Cut off collar and arms of one shirt leaving only the mid-section, attach another cut-out midsection and sew to the other midsection to create the skirt section of the dress. Use the arms of the shirt to create straps to hold dress up on shoulders.
To avoid being bothered when wanting to be alone,
It should be no more than 10% of your dogs total daily calories.
Cover two small rectangular cardboard pieces with nailpolish.
picture
say 'hey siri' and then what the task is.
Chicken breasts are expensive and can get dull after a while; thighs are juicier, cheaper, and more flavorful.
how do you like a picture on instagram?
You will need a key ignition to start an engine with a spark plug.
how do you clean grapes?
Draw with a pencil a line parallel to the top of the box and 3 inches lower than the top of the box. Then, cut on  the line with a band saw.
look at the caller id before answering.
Make sure that you have all your decorations in a single area that you can dig through and then once you have them out go get a tree.
Measure out the amount of beeswax you want to melt. Boil one cup of water inside of a pot. Reduce the heat on the stove to low and place a smaller glass bowl into the water in the pot. Put the beeswax into the glass bowl. Stir the beeswax slightly as it melts to allow the heat to melt it all the way through.
Cut off the top and carefully remove the seeds and center from the jalepeno with a knife.
Take a paper napkin and tear a three inch square from it.  Wad that up and get it wet.  Make a ball of the square and jam that into the end of the straw.
How to strength train
To remove the paint from a bike before you repaint it
add a bit of Vodka into your shampoo before using it.
Take some stain remover and spray your red shirt with it before you put them in the waste basket.
Hold the bulb with your hand, insert the tip into the socket, then twist until it's tight.
How do you scare little kids with a model coffin?
To teach a blind dog how to sit,
run them through the dishwasher on low heat, or soak them in hot, greasy water.  Then, dry with a lint free cloth.
Take a pair of scissors and cut off the edge of a piece of cheese o make a pick.
What do you do if you hit another car?
is heavier than a  bottle usually
To not lose track of your wallet.
how to make your hand plane glide better
can hang a  coat hanger 
Place the whole mango in the freezer and turn daily. when it has ripened.
You can use rubbing alcohol and a clean rag to remove most whitewall scuffs
brush your teeth at least twice a day and use dental floss once each day.
Use a little water on some tissue and that should do the trick.
In a large skillet over medium heat, heat a thin layer of olive oil. Add asparagus and cook until tender, 17 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and a squeeze of lemon.
eat them with a bit of flour fixed in.
how do you make a squeaky toy squeak?
Draw your pattern onto a wooden sheet of fence with a pencil first. Next you will need a jigsaw or manually controlled router. Cut a hole in the wooden sheet with a drill bit, so that you can get the saw into the wood to start cutting. Cut along the lines of the pattern, trailing on the inside.
To ensure safety when putting wood through a table saw.
wooden spoon
To clean a motherboard.
use a meat thermometer to check the external temperature of the chicken.
how to keep cocktails from being watered down
How do I fix the wooden plug in  the frame ?
do not use single use plastic such as plastic straws while consuming your meal.
You can also use jewelrs hinges and screw them to finished product so you can open and close the box.
Lay newspaper or an old towel over your work surface for easy clean-up.
Go to your Direct inbox on Instagram by tapping the paper airplane icon in the top-right corner of the app, then tap the direct message with the person who tagged you. It should be the third one if you were just tagged. There should be a brand new option inside the message: "Add This to Your Story."
Wipe paper or plastic shades with a microfiber cloth to remove dust.Dust a fabric lampshade using a lint roller.Use a vacuum with a brush attachment on a very dusty fabric shade
Read it ten times
hit the "delete" file after the file has been selected and remake it.
buy food there.
Start from the top and work your way down.
Decide whether you want to start vegetables from seed or purchase young plants from a garden center. If you've decided on seeds (e.g., peas, beans, squash, lettuce, mesclun mix, beets, or radishes), note that most annual vegetables should be started indoors about six weeks before the last frost in your region.
color them with permanent marker.
How to Wake up in a Good Mood
can be used to clean dirt spills
Use smaller vitamins and your diet will be easier, your mind thinks you have more food.
can be poked through the center of a thread 
use a mandoline
Place two ices cubes inside of the piece of clothing directly under where the gum is stuck. Allow the ice cubes to melt. You can now scrape the inside of your clothing with a butter knife to remove the stuck-on gum.
Remove battery cover, remove old batteries, place new batteries with the negative side of the battery towards the spring, repeat with other battery & replace cover.
To make tights easier to put on,
To make trap mechanism out of wood so it will be triggered but will stay together until then.
To make fluffy slime, first gather the ingredients. You'll need 3c Shaving Cream; 1/2 c Elmer's Glue; Food Coloring; 1/2 tsp Baking soda; 1 tsp Saline Contact Solution with Boric Acid.
can be used to heat pies 
how do you take the blame for something?
find waldo
Do I use all the eyelets?
On a black sheet of paper, place baby's foot on the paper. With a pencil, trace the outline of the baby's foot.
What should I do if my phone charger isn't working?
To loosen a rusty nut, bolt, or screw that won't budge.
Place the garlic into one bowl and cover it with the other bowl. Shake the two bowls vigorously to dislodge the garlic from its paper-y skin.
Take the bulb and rotate it to fit in the bulb holder.
measure 3/4 cup milk and 1/4 cup melted butter into a cup, and use it in a recipe that calls for it, as long as it doesn't require whipping.
mix a solution of warm water and dish soap, dip a soft cloth into it, wring it out and wipe the surface. Use a second clean, damp cloth to wipe off the soap. Dry with a towel.
To remove the markings, run the fabric under cool water and then press it into a clean self healing mat to dry it a bit.
Steam a sliced or chopped onion and stand over the pan while it's heating.
mix equal parts water and flour together with a dash of salt and oil.
To clean blinds properly.
The shorter the watermelon, the more water content is inside (and likely the sweeter it will be).
tin foil
How can I keep from crying when chopping onions?
how to make garlic-cauliflower and pasta
To make pizza without grains of any kind,
Who invented the franklin library chair?
scoot your chair to where your back is touching the table.
Boil sugar and water for the glue.
Take an old CD, cover it with tape, add a printed design to the tape, then paint the design.
blade
To flip a pancake in a pan,
To keep a baby warm without any risk of suffocating from the blanket,
To keep brussel sprouts from sticking to a pan, you can
Take a clean terry pratchett and gently rub the polish off
start up the lawn mower and drive it over the entire lawn.
How do you declutter a laundry room?
To see if a pair of jeans will fit you without trying them on.
Attach it to a heart rate monitor strap.
You should use a sheet of paper and draw some squares and then color them in until you get a heart shape which you can use as you like.
make bracelet
Cut the top and bottom off a clear small pill bottle, then slice this cylinder down the middle. It will curl around the tree, stay in place, and be almost invisible.
First wear a helmet, then be sure your feet touch the ground while sitting on bike, practice balancing the bike, learn how to use the brakes, then start to pedal slowly and move forward a few feet, then brake. Continue this process repeatedly until your ready to go farther.
Slowly whisk 1/3 of the hot milk into the batter, making sure to combine the ingredients until they are completely smooth. Add the tempered batter back into the hot milk in the pan and bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon. Stir and cook the mixture until it has thickened, this takes about 1 minute.
can be worn as a  hat 
How can I make cheap meat tender?
how to lie?
How do I adjust my car mirrors?
stand them together.
Store lotion in fridge first.
Break and stick wine glass to interior of cupboards.
To patch holes in pastry dough.
Place it in a mesh strainer
Place 2 eggs in a cup, add some salt and veggies, beat with a fork and cook it
how to upgrade linoleum floor without tearing it out?
To remove stuck on food from counter tops,
can cut through  glass 
Place a strainer over a bowl to catch both the broccoli and the water
The first thing you need to do after getting the ingredients for the cookies
Saute garlic until fragrant and soft.
stores milk easily
wood plank
can hold a balloon
Cook 2 cups wheatberries in salted water as the label directs, adding 1 diced rutabaga; drain. Stir in 3 tablespoons each maple syrup and butter, 1 tablespoon chopped sage and a pinch of cayenne.
Using a knife, cut away from the edge where the map ends and the white margin begins. Do this around all edges.
Clean cast-iron skillet after every use. Wipe interior surface of still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under hot running water, scrubbing with nonmetal brush or nonabrasive scrub pad to remove any traces of food. (Use small amount of soap if you like; rinse well.
Use a bit of rice sprinkled in the bag to get the moisture and smells out.
Try removing the bone. If it comes off easily, it is done.
Place a mesh strainer over a glass bowl, pour the butter milk from the jar into the mesh strainer, the clump of butter will fall into the mesh strainer, and let the left over butter milk drain into the bowl, remove the clump of butter, and place on a plate, mix leftover butter milk.
Make picture holder.
To make a string easier to thread through a needle,
Break the cake mix off into little balls and place them a few inches from each other on a cookies sheet.
use your straight razor to rapidly shave them right off.
Take something round such as a plate and place it on fabric laying flat, then cut around the edges with scissors.
hit the ball and run around all four bases without getting called out.
Let them sit on exercise balls during homework.
return the hit
Make sure that you melt the chocolate slowly as doing it too fast can burn the chocolate and change the consistency.
Mix together salt and ice water and swallow it for a few seconds then spit, repeat three to five times every couple of hours
Place the full water bottle into your recycling bin and place recycling bin on the curb.
can sand wood smoothly.
can be cut by the tip of  ladder 
Use a hammer to the mold the tubing around the wire.
baby wipe
Yes, drinking one glass of ice water will cause your body to burn 25 extra calories.
How do you put insulation in a wall?
draw it onto your face.
Camellia stem cuttings root well from semi-ripe cuttings. You need to take the cutting from a mature and tough plant. So, the best time to take a stem cutting from a camellia plant is in spring when the plant has had time to grow and mature.
Avoid getting electrocuted during a storm.
Gently slide off any cover over the connector. Push the connector in a little bit. Slide a piece of plastic between the clip of the plug and the body of the socket while pulling gently on the plug to remove it.
To get better rest at night,
Make paper boot trees.
how to adjust the consistency of pasta sauce
To send an email in Microsoft outlook,
how to season a hamburger
When preparing the materials go for material that is stretchy and lengthy to give you range and freedom
How do I melt old candles to make them into a jar candle?
Put a VPN on your router to ensure your household's privacy.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Vanilla Lady finger cookie Pieces.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
To clean a mousepad
microwaved the butter and milk  every 20 seconds until it melted and or room temp.
Label pencils from 1 to 6 and roll.
Attach the face plate to the rest of the helmet at the top using a servo motor. Attach a switch to move the face plate up using the motor.
Remove burned image from TV.
Put in a lingerie bag before putting in wash machine.
How can you tell if your own breath smells bad?
Use pliers to hold the wood steady and in place
Heat your butter to 365 degrees F. Take the peel off the onion and cut the onion into 1/4 inch rings. Separate on paper towels.
place the chicken on crock pot lid then cover with Glad Press’n’ Seal or saran wrap, and then whack it with a rolling pin or meat mallet until the chicken is the same thickness
can beat a rat
How do you mail an envelope?
Put them in a ziploc bag and place them in the freezer.
Thai iced tea or cha yen in Thailand is a drink made from strongly brewed green tea. It is sweetened with sugar and condensed milk and served chilled. Evaporated milk, coconut milk or whole milk is generally poured over the tea and ice before serving to add taste and creamy appearance.
What sort of iron is needed to complete the solar alarm?
Draw a shape or letter on all the areas of the ball so that you can identify it regardless of which side it is laying on
Turn on seat cooler and keep food on it.
clean the stain immediately with a rag and water.
how to make a corned beef with horseradish slaw sandwich
how do you go live on facebook?
Press down on wrist.
If you have old wooden drawers that are hard to open, take a match stick and rub it on the tracks. The wood will help the drawers open and close smoothly.
To carve the main shape of a knife out of wood, you can
Use a fork to rapidly combine the wet ingredients.
Glue the felt on the wood with glitter glue and then cut the felt.
go to the bottom left of the page.
tell them that the left and right shoes should feel comfortable on their feet when put on.
Use a paper clip.
How to make your fresh cut flowers last longer.
how to make a mulled red wine
Put chocolate into a cup and place on the stove on medium heat, and stir for 5 minutes.
How to access home screen settings in android
How to access taskbar settings on Windows 10
Apply two brackets with hooks on them to the wall, one level with the other, the first will secure the strings of the guitar and the second will secure the body
pop your herbs onto a piece of paper towel and microwave on high for a minute, turn, then repeat at 30-second intervals until dry.
Place a brick on the wrapped yarn to deflate the balloon and then unwrap the yarn.
Prevent sand on phone at the beach.
To remove burrs from the side of a piece of acrylic, you can
If you ever found yourself lost in the wilderness, you might want to make an inkpen from a feather so that you could leave a last message for your loved ones.
Clean between keyboard keys.
How to check your car tire's tread condition with a penny.
Once the egg is boiled but unpeeled, press the whole egg through a grate firmly and the egg will split as if chopped
You can remove the sharp edges by filing.
Mix 3/4 cup tomato juice, 1/3 cup beef broth, 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon each Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce and hot sauce, a pinch of celery salt and 1 1/2 ounces vodka and a gallon of gin. Pour into an ice-filled glass; garnish with lemon.
Cut the legs off around the knee area from your body.
Which part of a bird can be used as a form of pen?
Carabiners will connect the jug to the loop at the back of your back pack and hook onto the handle of the milk jug.
Make gift card holder.
Place buttered bread on a cold pan. Keep checking the bottom of the bread to check if it has reached a golden brown color. Once it does, flip the bread over and repeat.
Place the empty water bottle into your recycling bin and place recycling bin on the curb.
One wishes to craft an image of Dr. Doom.
How to make a fun vertical bookshelf?
You will need furniture glue for the best result. Glue the joints and places where pieces meet, such as the tops of the legs or where slats are placed in the chairback. Glue these spots to strengthen the chair. Let the glue dry overnight before anyone sits on it to ensure the glue is  set properly.
How to scrub grout clean.
To make holes in plastic without drilling, you can
How to take macro lens photos with your phone?
To cut a hole in a metal can, you can
Make sure that your iPhone, your car, and the car’s radio/SYNC system is turned on. Open Settings on your iPhone and select “General”. Turn Bluetooth OFF on the iPhone. Exit the Bluetooth menu of your iPhone.Press the SYNC phone button on the Car stereo display. SYNC will begin searching for a phone to pair with. If it finds your iPhone, it will display a 6-digit code on its screen. Select “Add your phone” from the SYNC menu and then press "OK". SYNC will state “Press OK to begin pairing your device,” so press “OK” again. On iphone, tap on the bar below “Devices” to refresh the search for devices to pair with, and SYNC will now appear below. Tap it and you will be asked for the PIN. Enter the 6-digit PIN provided by SYNC. Press “Done” at the top of the screen to begin pairing. SYNC will then notify you on its screen that your iPhone is connected.
Wait until brewed tea bag is cool, then apply on burn.
To clean ash out of a bong,
How do you put a worm on a hook?
Attach metal tin can to shower faucet.
Stitch the fabric into place after cutting it into pieces
What can you use as the base for a LED plant growing light.
How do you kill flies?
how to make french toast
Cut flannel pajama pants and wrap to make scarf.
grasp the clips and pull them apart.
Use a hammer or a nail gun
how do you control something?
Pour a few drops of dishwashing liquid in a bowl, add water, and dip sponge into it. Clean it thoroughly with sponge, then clean with cloth,  and leave to air dry.
can   light a fire
How do you give rolls a nice brown crisp dough?
melt chalk 
Remove tea stain from mug.
How can I straighten bent gutters?
Broil 3 poblano peppers until blackened. Peel, seed and cut into strips. Saute 1 cup chopped onion, the poblanos and 1 sliced garlic clove in olive oil until golden. Serve over Classic Mash; garnish with sour cream.
use a leveled piece of wood for measurement.
put in a blender, with three tablespoons of mayonnaise.
Make Cinnamon-Raisin Oatmeal, adding 2 tablespoons toasted shredded coconut with the raisins and replacing the boiled prunes with coconut water.
Make sure to fill it to the rim of the flower pot
how to shred tuna by hand
Tape receipts around gift card after each use.
can cause drunkenness 
On devices without Touch ID, go to Settings > Passcode. You'll find several settings and options: Turn Passcode Off: Tap this option to turn off your passcode. Change Passcode: Enter a new six-digit passcode.
How to quickly defrost chicken breasts.
cracks open a cold beer easily
Show up half an hour before the park opens, and when it does, run to the rides that usually have the longest lines.
Often you can tell someone is lying when they will not make eye contact with you while they are speaking.
Wrap the batteries and wiring in fabric that matches your hair color.
Combine 1 teaspoon dawn liquid, 1 tablespoon rubbing alcohol, and a half gallon of frozen water, this will clear the steps if you pour it on them, it will also deter further freezing.
Remove fixtures from antique.        Place in the kitchen sink or large bowl.        Pour white or apple cider vinegar that is 5% acidity into the sink with the fixtures.        Put some ketchup in with the vinegar.        Let the fixtures soak for a few hours.        Wearing gloves, take each fixture and put some extra ketchup on them and scrub them using an old hair brush. The ketchup helps make a paste to scrub the extra rust off.        After scrubbing each fixture, place them back in the vinegar solution and let them rest a few more hours.        Scrub more if necessary.        Remove from vinegar solution, rinse off with water, and immediately dry with a cloth or paper towel afterwards. If you don't dry them they will oxidize again with the water and create more rust.
take your baby teeth out and have the dentist give you false teeth.
Turn on a ceiling fan.
can be used to make paper mache  when wet
When they ask where you are from tell them you are from here, that way they won't take you the long way.
To squeeze a lemon efficiently
Store fishing rods.
To paint paper mache
Use a kitchen towel.
Use the bare foot to try to kick through the brick as the foot has more leverage than the hand.
scoop the dip up with a chip.
hold child to  lap 
Depending on the weight of what you're hanging, sometimes simple tape can do the trick! Packing, double-stick and masking tapes, as well as play dough can all be used to hang lightweight frames, wrapping paper, wallpaper and fabric to the walls without risking the paint pulling up.
If filling gets stuck on the side of the blender, you can scrape it with a cookie scoop.
how to put drainage holes in a planter to avoid plants drowning.
To tie an overhand knot,
how to get blood stains out of fabric
To catch and kill an animal.
can be turned into small fires 
How can I get my jewelry to shine more?
Press into the middle of the steering wheel.
water regularly and do not apply an chemicals.
To avoid getting a bad hangover while drinking,
How to create a vintage look on paper?
Clean all surface areas with soap and water let dry in a area were dirt and dust is not present, read the direction that come with the purchased patching material apply follow as directed, let store in  a dry area and let dry .
If the screwdriver keeps slipping out of the stripped hole, cover it with a small piece of scotch tape, with the adhesive side against the screw head for extra grip. Press this into the hold with the screwdriver and try again.
Prepare your fruit topping for a watermelon cake ahead of time so it is ready as soon as you make the whipped cream.
Use an old paper shopping bag.
How do you make Sun Tea?
Slow down your breathing and actively concentrate on it.
How do you attach a camera to a tripod?
Make a room with a window dark.  In the shade of the window have a hole.  Let sun light through the hole and into the prism.  A rainbow will appear.
Use a spool of thread
Fried foods, fatty foods, alcoholic beverages, tomatoes, and caffeinated drinks such as coffee, tea, and soda can increase the acid levels within the stomach.
carry cotton balls and liquid soap with you.
Can I cure concrete outside when making a concrete countertop?
Insert a screw to a piece of wood to use as a marking gauge. Screw it in or out to adjust.
fill a saucepan with water, turn the stove on to high heat, and when the water bubbles up in large bubble rapidly to the surface, it has boiled.
Identify your weaknesses and target them with drills.
heat the juice up inside of a hot pan before squeezing.
Use a fork to mix the flours together
Use tweezers to force them closed.
you walk with your father in front of you.
Use a dollar bill which is 6 inches long.
Blow through an acorn cap.
Add the onions and garlic after melting butter in a pan
Insert a mini flash light with 1 inch diameter at the base of the polycarbonate tubing. Tape it to secure it to the tubing.
How long to cook the pizza for
can cut trees well
How to open a tab again that was recently closed,
Get an old rag and wet it in the sink. Put a towel around your waist so you don't drip. Scrub the left pit with the washrag and soap. Rinse with the sprayer on the sink. Do the other pit. dry.
how to make a yogurt dip
Use a wet toothpick with soap on it.
how to make corn ice cream
have them walk around the chairs while playing music, and yell "musical chairs!" to signal that it's time to find a chair.
Place it directly on top of aluminum foil after taking it off the stove or grill. Carefully wrap the steak in the paper towel and let it sit for approximately five minutes.
Make Classic Hot Cocoa, but sweeten the whipped cream with brown sugar. Dust with ground cardamom.
Pull the bit out of its socket and flip it over or replace it with the needed bit.
In general, we recommend a total of 5 cups of frosting for three 8- or 9-inch round layers and 4 cups for two layers. Here's how to divvy it up. Use 3/4 cup of frosting between each layer. Put 1 1/2 cups on top of the cake.
Fix blurry smartphone camera lens.
Start by taking the valve cover off the engine. After it is off, spray the cover with spray paint, covering the whole surface.Wait a few minutes, then rinse with a garden hose.Then take a grill brush and start scrubbing away any paint left on the cover. Rinse & repeat.
Take a block of cheese and rub it against a can opener
How do I make a grilled cheese
how to make DIY muffin liners
how do you tighten the hood on a hoodie?
To remove scuff marks on hardwood or tile floors rub a kneaded rubber eraser on the marks.
mix a little sugar into a bowl of sugared cereal.
Stab the nose with your fingers.
Rub a layer of car wax on surface.
Coat a large piece of cardboard with a sticky salt syrup. Pull out the bottom board of the bee box and check and attach the sticky cardboard to the base. The mites will get stuck to the cardboard if they are present. Check regularly during your inspections for the mites.
can crush toaster 
How can I infuse my Olive oil or other oils?
How do you set up an aquarium for Wrestling Halfbeaks?
can't fit a  q-tip inside
Heal sore eyes.
What should you avoid when you are working with chillies?
Cut the foot off of knee socks and enjoy.
turn off the faucet and hold the toothbrush under the running water. Use a finger to stroke the bristles back and forth a bit to help wash the toothpaste off. Turn on the water and shake the toothbrush a few times to help dry it.
one part white vinegar and two pars warm water.
You can buy mirrors in any hardware store
turn off oven immediately.  Do not use any small appliances.  Open a window and evacuate the house immediately. Contact emergency services using a neighbor's phone or your cell phone outside.
Take scissors, and under water, cut the stems straight across to make them last longest.
install windows with sheets of black film laid behind them.
Dye easter eggs.
How to prove your cinnamon buns?
Add the cheese to the noodles before they finish boiling
1 tablespoon gf red curry paste    600 grams skinless chicken breast chopped into bite-size pieces    2 tablespoons peanut butter    400ml  coconut cream    Instructions    In a non-stick frying pan over medium heat, sauté the curry paste for 30 seconds.    Add the chicken and toss to coat.    Add the peanut butter and stir.    Reduce the heat, add coconut cream, stirring to combine.    Simmer for 12 to 15 minutes allowing time for the delicious flavours to develop.
To memorize a speech for class,
Make a Duct Tape Ball
How to make a chainsaw flash light or a gas powdered spotlight.
Soak your burners in a cup of amonia will clean them nicely.
Tape water hose to broom stick.
how to make chicken mole tacos
Using the chopping blade on your food processor, mix pecan pieces, sugar, and salt. You want small pieces, but not crumbs.
Sweep your bamboo floor on a daily basis to remove dirt and dust. Clean your bamboo floor on a regular basis with a wood floor spray mop.
To easily store and identify bed sheet sets,
can remove a nail
Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with Chocolate pie filling.    Cook for 25 min.  Remove from oven. Beat 3 egg whites (Let them warm to room temp for 30 min.first) add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar.  Beat with mixer until peaks form on egg whites.  Ad gradually a bit at a time, 6 tablespoons of sugar.  Spoon this on top of pie.  Texture the whites to your preference.  Bake in oven at 100 degrees until egg whites are browned (about 12 min.. check this though and remove when you like the appearance.  Enjoy.
To a blender add : 2 cups frozen raspberries, the juice of two lemons. 1/2 c sugar and 2 cups ice cubes. Cook until smooth and enjoy
Use a piping bag
peel with a razor blade, and then rub with salt.
Place stale cookies in a bread bag with a piece of bread overnight.  This will soften them.
how to make coconut-raisin oatmeal
To join two lengths of PVC pipe together, you can
How to dice bacon
Leave butter out on the counter for about an hour before needed. It should be just soft to the touch.
place  several moth balls 2 feet away from the nest and around the nest
Clean it with soap and water so it stays nice
add to  large sauté pan and cook over medium-high heat until no pink remains,  roughly 4-5 mins
Boil 1 cup of water and 1/2 cup of vinegar until all liquid is gone.
can core a pineapple with ease
To become better at math without internet or school,
use cotton stuffing from the craft store.
you need to lay the cheese down, add filling (chicken, vegetables, etc), salsa, corn chips, a second layer of cheese, filling, salsa and corn chips, and cook in the oven until the cheese is melted.
To reupholster a dining room chair,
How to mix your smoke bomb mixture?
stove
Turn on static for one day.
Set the steam iron to its highest setting, place the hot iron on the aluminium for one minute and repeat for the other side.
Use an indoor stationary bike wired to Google Earth app.
Make sure to wear safety goggles and wooden gloves
cut the can apart and go over the can with a blowtorch to flatten.
how do you win at chess?
can be used to look at  a wall if they're behind a wall
Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a rubber glove to combine
How many minutes are in an hour
To remove paint and stain from the top of a table, you can
make a paste of baking soda and water, grind it into the scratches
Make a lightweight frame of a car.
Use screws
Take a small butter knife and run it around the edges of the cake to loosen it from the sides of the pan. Flip the pan over and tap an edge onto a board while holding the pan at a 90-degree angle to pop the entire cake out.
Place plastic straw on liquid and cover other end with finger to create vacuum effect.
Fill the vase 3/4 full with water adding flower preservative, cut stem to desired length with kitchen shears making sure to cut at a 45 degree angle and add flowers to vase
To cook quinoa
Lay the dogbane stalk out on a flat surface. Press your thumb into it to flatten it longitudinally. This will cause the stalk to break in half lengthwise.
Clean the sponge in the microwave. Make sure the sponge is wet and microwave on high for one minute to kill bacteria.
Use zip ties to permanently hold the fabric in place
can hurt sky badly
fill a container that has a top slightly larger than the area where the splinter is with very hot water(80 % full), press against the area by centering where the splinter is, hold for a few min., the pressure will help dislodge the splinter and you can pull it out easily.
cut out from your ice cream lid
Tiki mugs
Move both feet at the same time as you move forward, hopping like a rabbit.
how do you steal something?
place the notched end of a hammer under the nail, slide the hammer until the nail is secured in the hammer head, and pull the hammer up to pull out the nail.
Use a shelf to approximate and to mark the locations using a pencil where the rails will be installed.
How to remove the drumstick from a whole chicken?
Place your choice of frozen fruit, juice, and Greek yogurt into the blender and mix until smooth.
Use a small tent to hold the sand.
zoo
Granny Smith is a good choice when combined with something sweeter and a bit softer, such as McIntosh or Gala. Other good options are Rome Beauty, Gravenstein, Cortland, Summer Banana and Jonathans.
can make jello with power on
How can I give heavily soiled carpet a deep clean?
how do you condone something?
Cut a wine bottle, stick the opening through a leaf.
Curve pool noodle into circle, insert cake pops on bottom side.
When not in use, store seasonal clothes in plastic bins.
gets cleaned in sink 
What is the best way to make a black tiger shirt?
How to dry herbs at home
Use a vacuum sealer
To rough out the interior of a wooden bowl.
Remove painful band-aid.
Wipe with sheet of toilet paper.
how do you start an email on the yahoo app?
How to use a paint roller.
how do you dry your hands in a public bathroom?
Unplug the drain in the bath tub. Turn on the faucet to make water come out at the desired temperature, usually warm or hot. Wait until the bath is at least half full, but not completely full. Add some soap if desired.
can write on cement 
Put foil on shirt.
To cut a slot in a wooden shield, you can
Cut the pizza into 8 slices, then grab a piece, fold it and take a bite
can hang on dish 
To make DIY Paper Leaves, first gather your materials. You'll need Craft Paper; Pencil; Scissors; Craft Glue
keeps animals standing
only cut off the tip.
rub the belt with a dry bar of soap
use bee pollen and coocnut flour instead of flour to roll out cookie dough
is used as an ingredient for lemonade 
can lift hoe 
In order to help screws go into wood you can rub a bar of soap over the length of the screw. This will lubriciate the screw and allow it to penetrate wood easily without breaking off the hea or stripping the screw.
decorates  cemetary 
go to the airdrop menu on both devices, and let it sync.
How do I make an instant coffee?
Heat the oven to 400 degrees. Then put the shaped leather in the oven for about 10 minutes.
Let Your Map App Lead You Back to Your Parked Car
To Sync bluetooth headphones.
mix three tablespoons of baking soda into a pint of water. shake and pour over hair and wash.
screw the rod firmly into the studs, and make sure its level.
go to the settings menu, and go to general. you will see the notification for an update. click on it.
How to Make a LED Parachute
how to make fried rice
can protect brain 
Some materials you can use are silver, copper, or bronze.
Repot a growing plant.
Mix the food coloring (if it's powdered) with a spoonful of vodka. You don't need much. It's just for fun anyway. Add it to your mixture. If your food coloring is liquid, just pour some in.
chopper
Clean cast-iron skillet after every use. Wipe interior surface of still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under hot running water, scrubbing with metal brush or soft scrub cleaning pad to remove any traces of food. (Use small amount of soap if you like; rinse well.
sand paper
You should contest in the presidential elections and win.
can find spills
pine shavings
Start Online Video Recorder.    Adjust Settings and Capture Your Computer Screen.    Save the Result.
how to tame bitterness in iced tea
To obtain a nice even layer of frosting on the monkey cupcake
Radishes are a good ornamental and spicy addition to any salad where you need a little zing. Radishes are also armor for your cucumber and cabbage in the garden, a great trio on your plate or in your garden patch.
To clear snot out of your nose,
Hold sheets of paper together while filing them.
Popsicle sticks
cardboard box
Use a rounded piece of wood as template.
Take a rag and spray cleaner inside the drawer, then wipe out the drawer well.
Use a screwdriver to screw in the Genesis to 2600 adapter before use.
To cool down your laptop without having to buy a fan.
The bottom woody inch or two of any asparagus should be kept. Whether or not you peel the stalks depends upon their thickness. The larger the asparagus,the tougher the peel, and the more likely they are to need peeling. I usually peel the stalks if the asparagus is 1/2-inch in diameter or larger.
rub ash on fingers
Place a strainer over a bowl, carefully pour the blueberries into the strainer, and leave undisturbed while the juice drips through the strainer into the bowl.
Taking measurements and scaling the inside of the mask to fit you is key.
Use cardboard that is held in place with tape to protect floor.
Select a non-abrasive scrubbing pad.Dampen and put fabric softener on the scrubber. Scrub the sink.Rinse the sink.Dry the sink using a dry, soft microfiber towel
mobile phone
Cut the bagels in half and lay on a baking sheet., on top of each bagel spread on pizza sauce,     top with pepperoni and cheese.    Put in oven at 375 degrees and bake approximately 10 minutes or until cheese and meat are bubbly.
Place adhesive magnets on the side of a cabinet, wall, or door and use them to hold your magnet-friendly bakeware.
Use old door knobs, attatch them to the wall and hang things on them.
car
To pack properly for a winter backpacking trip.
Pour the plain low fat yogurt into a large sieve lined with the muslin and sat over a deep bowl. Place this in the fridge for at least 24 hours, and you'll be left with a thick yogurt the consistency of soft cheese.
Sand a sled for future use
How do you remove mango juice stain from white cotton fabric?
How can I fill a bucket or large pot in a small sink?
Make napkin rings.
How to avoid getting Watermelon juice on cheeks when eating watermelon.
how do you log into your netflix app?
lift it and move it.
How do you treat a bite from a Boa Constrictor?
Navigate through the internet to find the software then install.
Cutting thin strips of wood on a circular saw can be dangerous, but this technique eliminates the dangers dramatically. Only add a stop block to the left of the blade. Do not place it on the side of the blade but slightly behind
To make dough snails
Wrap picture in a tight layer of tin foil.
How to naturally add nitrogen to my soil?
Fornax is the 41st largest constellation in the sky, occupying an area of 398 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern and northern  hemisphere
only heat the food until it's lukewarm.
Put a cup of water into the measuring glass and microwave to a boil, remove the glass from the microwave and place the ring in the water to soak for five minutes.
fruit needs to be frozen to avoid the stiff whipped cream from melting and making a huge mess
spray each weed with a weed killer that is safe for lawns.
Wipe with dryer sheet to leave protective residue.
How do I clean the raspberries when making raspberry bark?
use a straight piece of cardboard to shield the overspray
can poke a hole through wood easily
Take a vegetable peeler and use the tip to take the screw out by turning counter clockwise.
A small dirty jar that needs to be cleaned    Warm tap water     Plain baked potatoes    Liquid dish soap
How to keep a shower curtain or glass doors clean.
Make a mixture of wood glue and sawdust until it is a paste.
hang a video game console from a tree
How to easily portion cookies for baking?
How to prevent glassware stains from forming on coffee tables?
4 cups mango, divided    2 cup unsweetened coconut milk, whisked and divided    3 tablespoons orange juice    3 tablespoons honey
Apply vaseline to eyebrows after bed.
Mix a 3oz. package of jello, 2/3 c sugar, 1 egg white, 1 cup vanilla, 1/2 c boiling water in a bowl and whip for five minutes on high.This will frost 24 cupcakes.
Stuff a 3/4 full vodka bottle with some slices of mango.
Wedge cotton swabs between toes.
To pour silicone into a bucket to create a mold of an object
Using wet paper towels or rags, you can soak up as much of the uncured adhesive as possible. Be ready to use lots of towels if necessary - you want to try and pick up as much of the adhesive as possible, and using a glue-saturated rag would only make the problem worse.
To stay dry in a rainstorm,
You'll need a generic can, candle wax, cardboard and newspaper to keep the project from getting messy.
press the caps lock key til a light is on.
Purée minced garlic and anchovies, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper and 1 egg yolk; with machine running, slowly add 1/4 cup olive oil. Toss with romaine; top with Parmesan and croutons.
Using Microsoft Word, enter the letters you wish to use and resize them to a big size. Click on File then Print.
For an indoor garden, it is essential that the space for the garden
How can you freshen your kitchen quickly?
To crumble bleu cheese with your fingers,
Use a hot clothes iron to keep the cord flat and out of sight
how do you pray for someone?
Place a mixture of 90 percent water and 10 percent alcohol into the kettle. Switch it on and let it boil.  Cool, the remove the mixture.  Give the inside a wipe with a cloth, rinse and done.
When painting a room - how can you set aside a small amount of paint for touch ups?
place it in a freezer for 1 hour.
napkin
To help a friend feel better when they are sad,
Place on a plate and stir with a spoon
Melt a few tablespoons of fresh butter in the pan (make sure your pan has a lid) and set the heat to moderately high. Add enough kernels to cover the bottom of the pan. The butter will start to bubble around the kernels, at which point you can place the lid on and begin sliding the pan gently back and forth to prevent scorching. In 5 minutes your popcorn is done. Salt to taste and enjoy.
Use paracord wrapped around a twisted bag clip.
Get the hot air out of your place by having the fan pointing outward, rather than in.
Start meowing at the cat and stare at it
Be made from board pieces
Store
Wrap bar soap with foil.
Cut a small slit into a tennis ball. Insert the end of a broom stick into the slit. Place the tennis ball on the tile floor and scrub the scuff mark by moving the broom handle in a back and forth motion. This will remove any scuff marks on tile floors.
How do you get the beeswax into small pieces?
Slice with dental floss after baking.
attach the lights to the clothes hanger
Flush away excess wet paint. Spray the stain with hairspray. Rub the stain with a dry cloth. Run the item in the washing machine on a boiling water  setting.
Eliminate dust bunnies from computer case.
chip clip
Use water and apply to the window surface every month or so
Use standard screws as grips.
Use the high heat from a hair dryer.
Engrave a design into a cutting board.On the back is where you can engrave the larger design right in the center of the cutting fork.
press the pause button on the top left of the panda page.
Take a bottom part of the mushroom, add a little frosting to glue the top part on, and then push on the cookie.
Freeze sprite and gummy bears into a square, insert fork.
How do I make sure that my cookies don't stick to the cookie sheet?
replace one thing with another.
Place graham crackers in a box and use a rolling pin
twist a long nail into it, then grip the end of the nail with pliers and wiggle it out.
go to their playlist, and click the green follow button at the top of the page.
Start cutting at the tail, making sure to cut the bone
To get the seeds out of a pumpkin.
How to protect your work surface while staining wood
Adding yogurt for protein and probiotics for digestive health creates a natural creaminess that adds a smooth texture. Pureed bananas with the juice can also create a soft bite. Unsweetened coconut milk adds a creamy popsicle texture with subtle sweet flavor. Mixing or blending juice, whole fruit and something creamy also make for a consistently creamy popsicle.
apply one part vinegar and one part baking soda, let set for one hour, then scrub the area with a metal pad.
Take a wire from the trunk and roll it around the rock, push the roots on the rock and then use hair fixative to fix the trunk on the rock and cut off the wire that was used to fix the tree on the rock.
Stick a used shell in the crack and burn it like a match.
You can make sun tea by filling a clear glass jar with water and adding a few tea bags. Set the jar out in the sun for several hours. Serve warm, over ice with lemon.
Cut along stencil using a chainsaw.
after extending the tape to the desired length, pull the front locking tab up until it locks into place.
Place a bowl of water (about 1 1/2 cups) and cook the water on high for 3 min.  The moisture will loosen dried dirt and make it easy to wipe out.
Use a ball of play dough. Dab the play dough where the glitter is spilt and it will pull it up.
How can I make fresh grains when it's hot outside?
cut up fruit and place it in a bottle of  water, then in the fridge for a day.
You can use a heavy duty umbrella to protect you
Best way to spin a cylindrical object.
mixer
Use a little piece of dirty kleenex and your finger and stick it in your ear and twist.
move your foot forward without lifting it off the ground.
make an egg over easy
Make sure you are wearing extra padding.
Add an ice block made with milk into the coffee and stir
binder clip
Treat a painful headache.
holds spilled marbles and other toys the kid dropped
To test if household batteries are still good,
Cook the potatoes at a higher temperature to have a crispier crust.
Spray some febreeze around the kitchen or even some perfume.
staple the clothespin to the plywood at the desired location using a desktop stapler
can be used to carry pitcher 
to determine the center of 4x4 plywood
Use beeswax to hold the strip of LEDs in place
To decorate a Cardboard Play Dome, first use spray paint to apply Primer and base coat. Then when it is fully dry, you can add corners and edges with metallic paint.
Put it in 4 inches of water if it floats to the top it's bad.
To make a pick for a guitar when there are no picks around.
Crack an egg into a greased pan over medium heat. Allow the egg to cook for 2-3 minutes. Do not flip, but stir until mixed well! Add salt and pepper to taste.
How can I dry citrus salt?
How can I wrap and store extension and power cords?
Build a book shelf out of old lumber.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Place cauliflower in a large mixing bowl. Pour on enough olive oil to coat (a few tablespoons). ...    Lay cauliflower pieces out on a baking sheet. Drizzle any remaining oil from the bowl on top. Bake, turning once, until caramelized on edges and tender, 25 to 30 minutes.
make dog comfortable
grab the seatbelt strap, pull it across your chest, then insert into the buckle near your hip.
can be stained by teaspoon 
How can you decorate your junk mail letter opener?
To test your Extending grabber, tape two small condiment cups together by their bottoms and try to pick them up with the grabber.
First you will want to get any sandpaper grit and sand every piece of wood to a smooth surface.  From there, you will want to obtain a stain or oil that will create a uniform finish and dip the wood into it to apply it quickly and efficiently.  Following that, you will want to let the wood drive in a well ventilated space before evaluating if the color you obtained was what you wanted, if not, repeat the staining process until happy.
take a comb and put the edge where you want to start and pull hair out of head by the roots thru top of head and on thru length of hair separating one side from the other and smooth out.
How to remove scratches from a CD or DVD disk?
Graduate college and apply to as many jobs as possible
Prevent gift wrap paper from rolling.
To make modelling peanut butter
What is the best way to put home brewed beer in a barrel?
get rid of gnats
Add water to the margarine constantly.
To be able to legally drive on roads in the USA,
Use a glue and glue each piece together making sure to be careful not to knock the tower off.
Melt chocolate with maple syrup.
To keep power cords out of my way when I’m working with a portable power tool, I usually secure the cord at my foot, using a 6-in. loop of Velcro fastener to attach it to my belt loop.
Cut a 6"x6"x3" maple turning blank in half to two ~6"x3"x3" blanks. This gives the largest square from the blank to fit a 2-⅝” can.
How to remove a splinter
make very little noise
Prepare an 8x8 baking pan by rubbing the outside with strained bacon fat, or non-stick cooking spray.
Dump a small amount of baby powder on your hands and rub over your arms and legs to remove all the sand.
To check the internal temp of the deep fried turkey
Get an old crayon and remove the paper. Break into small pieces and add to burning candle. This will put some colored layer on the top of the candle.
how do you use bluetooth on an iphone?
Prevent snails in garden.
is used to scramble vegetables when you want fruits
Remove lipstick stain from shirt.
Sprinkle black pepper on trackpad.
try to fill it with air to see if it goes in.
Use cotton balls
cut out all processed foods.
Take a litter scooper to scoop out the pieces of poop and pee from the litter.
You would affix the zipties to the steel mesh netting attached to the lampshade so it sits securely in place.
can store a fishing rod in it
Store lost keys on the same key ring.
Apply vegetable oil, baby oil, or cooking spray to the paint. Rub the paint off your skin. Wash your skin with hand soap. Use a pumice soap for pesky patches.
Wear regular clothing such as a short-sleeved shirt, safety goggles or glasses, and protective gloves.
use a spoon to scoop the sauce and spread the sauce only in the middle of the bread
Pour 2 to 3 large tablespoons of turpentine into a small  glass.Place the matches, (head down) into the turpentine and allow the matches to lay in charcoal for 5 minutes.     Remove the matches and spread them out to dry out on a sheet of newspaper.
Launch the play store application then search for the application you want to download then click install.
towel
Put some 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a pan, heat the pan at medium-high on the stove, add the ground beef in the pan, move around the beef and break the clumps with a spatula. Remove from the stove when the beef starts to become golden-brown.
How can I wrap bacon around peppers securely?
How to make french fries
Abandon your laptop or work computer, write out ideas on paper and pen, the process helps you think more clearly and in a more organized way.
Paint your windows with white paint.
How to Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam
Create a bean heating pad.
How do you roll a bowling ball?
DIY buttermilk
Eating less sodium causes your body to retain water, which can cause you to feel bloated and gain more weight.
how do you move a toy car?
look over it again.
vase
Allow the cookies to freeze for an hour prior to eating to make the icing firm
Buy a piece of thin, non-slip rug padding that’s used under area rugs. Cut it about 1 in. smaller than the chair cushion all the way around. Then just lay it in place over the cushion.
spread the sheet over the bed, tuck the sheet under the head of the bed, grab the sheet on the sides of the bed 1 foot from the head, pull up and tuck excess under mattress by foot, and then let the sheet drop hang that way.
To chop cabbage, you can
holds sofas inside
Clean a car's windshield using the windshield wiper at a gas station.
Take the two short sides and fold them towards the center of the towel, fold the top half down over the bottom half, turn and take the two remaining edges and fold towards the center and then in fold the top half down over the bottom half.
To do Candy Chromatography, first gather your materials. You will need Skittles Candy; Coffee filter; Pencil; Aluminum foil; Salt; Water; Toothpicks; Clear glass cup
Place a strainer over a funnel to catch both the broccoli and the water
Bake in a preheated oven at 400°F/200°C for 20-30 minutes until browned on the bottom, soft and gooey on the inside. Transfer to a plate to cool slightly before serving.
Leave the butter for the recipe out on a counter until at room temperature and softened. Place into the bowl of a stand mixer and using the cake batter attachment stir, at first at low speed, then at medium, until the butter is creamy. Stop the mixer and add the sugar, then start the mixer again, at low speed, increasing to medium, until the sugar is incorporated and the mix is light and fluffy.
Cut fray with scissors, then apply fabric glue.
6 to 8 skin on, bone-in chicken thighs, 2 tablespoons kosher salt, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 or 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 3 or 4 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed with a knife, 1/2 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil (or enough to cover chicken) and, 2 cups canola oil (or enough to cover the chicken).
To stuff a pillow with down,
using an old pallet, remove the wooden pieces and adhere them with silicon glue to form a box shape
oisten and squeeze the tip of the needle by putting it between your lips. Bring the strands to a sharp point that will fit through the eye of the needle.
To make a dust collector for when using sanding disk attached to a lathe.
To make a homemade granite counter cleaner.
use a can of spray paint to blow the dust out of the keyboard.
Choose very ripe avocados. Wash the avocados you're going to freeze. Peel each avocado. Puree the avocados. Put the pureed avocados into an airtight container. Label and date.
Make a paste using lemon ,honey and  turmeric and apply on the face.
How do you glass a surfboard?
How do you make fake snow?
Cut two slices of raw potato,  Deep fry the potato for 15 min., then place the potato slices on your closed eyes, it will reduce swelling within an hour or so.
How to quickly chop or dice hard boiled eggs?
To wrap a weenie in some bacon,
To make Deviled eggs, first bring water to a rolling boil and boil eggs for 25 minutes and turn off heat. Shock eggs in ice water and peel once they are cool enough to handle. Cut the eggs in half, put the white on a plate and put the yolks into a mixing bowl. Use a fork or masher to crush the yolks. Add a few tablespoons of mayonnaise, some good dijon mustard, a little white vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix until well combined and smooth. Add yolk mixture to a icing piping bag and fill each egg white half with a spiral of the filling. Sprinkle paprika on top.
never pre-heat the oven before cooking.
click on the contact and scroll down to the tab that says block number, and click it.
To protect your electronics.
Add spices and small amount of oil to pan over high heat, cook quickly.
crepe paper (white / green).        a welding torch.        thin wire (white / green).        scissors.        green tape.
Put the lid on the cooler and wrap a bungee cord around the length of the front and back of the cooler and secure the cord by hooking both hooks.
Take the cage off the front of the fan, wipe each blade, replace the cage.
Tape it into place
Use small, sharp scissors to trim.
Make a zone list for family chores.
Make a solution of crushed egg shells and soapy water.
A miniature BBQ grill can be used on a camping trip, tailgating at a stadium, or on a small table on your patio.
Turn on your oven’s broiler, and place the top rack about 8 inches below the broiler element.  Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large oven-proof cast iron pan** over high heat.  Add steak and sear on each side for 30 seconds.  Transfer pan to the oven and broil for 4 minutes, flipping the steak halfway through, or until the steak reaches your desired level of doneness.   Remove from the oven, transfer the steak to a clean plate, and loosely cover the plate with aluminum foil.  Let the steak rest for at least 5-10 minutes.  Serve warm.
sing at the same time that you're supposed to.
How can I fix a frozen lock?
Mix citric acid, baking soda and dish soap in a bowl. Press the mixture into an ice tray or disposable cups. Let dry for at least 4 hours. Take out of the tray and drop into the bath tub before bathing.
To get your pants to fit you better in the length.
To obtain a cutting from a living plant, you can
Use pickle juice.
Make sure the paper mache is dough like.
Insert pool noodle at the top of pants hanger.
Use pliers to bend it
What rule should I live by, if I go to a casino?
shave  Ivory Liquid Soap around where they are
Use a toothpick and draw several lines from the drizzled sauce to the outer edge.
Press out a hole in a slice of bread using a ramekin. Toast the slice of bread on one side in a pan. Flip over and add butter and egg in the hole. Spread shredded cheese over the bread and bake at 400F for 10 minutes.
Cut and wrap post it note around cord.
store it outdoors or cover it with a cloth tarp.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Hershey's syrup).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped strawberry newton bars.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with strawberry sauce.
Tools needed to make a wooden wedding ring.
How can you boost your test score?
How to peel a banana?
Gather your supplies. Add a drop of blue paint. to the yellow    Mix the two colors together.
You should let the paint dry for at least 24 hours on a metal can.
Get bananas and mix them with vanilla flavored pudding. Mix in vanilla wafers during the mixing to get that crisp texture.
Use toothpicks or screws.
Find the cover picture online and download it.
how do you look for prime shipping only items on amazon?
Place them in a bowl and mix together with a whisk
First rub the strip with a cotton cloth and then use a pencil to gently rub away dirt on the strip
place the pointy tip of the screwdriver into the end of the screw, apply pressure to the board with the screw, and twist the screwdriver in a clockwise direction.
To get the crumbs out of the bottom of the cereal bag.
Purchase some large tubing and cut to the length of your knife. Put your entire knife inside the tubing and store in the drawer.
how do you close a zip lock bag?
You will need a laser level cube, a sander, and a stud crimper
How do you put out a candle?
hum along to the song.
shot glass
can color air easily
Curl it up in an old laundry basket and store.
To distribute the melted almond bark so it coats the popcorn and oreos.
combine raw eggs, honey, and mayo. let sit on hair for twenty minutes and rinse out.
Gather the colors brown and red. On the inner layer of the shield, grab a paintbrush and paint the shield brown. On the inside swirl, grab a small paintbrush and paint with the red coloring. Let dry.
get a firm grip on wire winding it around your four fingers, place hanging wire in a wire stripper, close and pull down.
take it to the dumb.
You can add some cocoa powder to the frosting to make it brown.
Look at the top of the capacitor. If the top is flat, the capacitor is still good. If the top is bulged out, the capacitor is broken and needs to be changed.
Take a block of wood and chisel out the circular shape, sand it down to smooth it and then press a drill through an end to fit your finger, wrap some sand paper around a drill bit and smooth the outside again
how do you scale a building?
To remove screws from an LED casing, you can
can break apart  marriages  
To hold down a keyboard note without using your hands,
Turn on your TVs subtitles feature, they'll be exposed to words as characters say them, and learn to read.
Grab a teaspoon and pour Cherry syrup into the spoon until it reaches the top.
To cut a very small paper disc, you can use a hole punch on some paper and use the clippings.
first soften the orange by applying pressure, cut the orange in half and remove the seeds, then twist the orange on a juicer until the juice is all out.
Grab the floater with your fingers and carefully drop the floater into the mason jar.
how do you see the solution to a problem you entered on the calculator on iphone?
use an eye brightening pencil or stick to trace along your eyelids and underneath your eye.
You can fill your Lost Glove Owl by stuffing some poly fill into the middle of the glove. Don't push the fill into the fingers and don't fill it all the way to the top. Just use enough to keep the body from flattening.
Find the comment you wish to save. Under the comment, click Save.
To attract butterflies to your yard,
How do you remove corners of an octagon shaped ring to round it out?
In a small nonstick over medium heat, melt butter (or heat oil). Drop egg into pan. Cook 3 minutes, or until white is set. Flip and cook 1 minute more. Remove from pan and season with salt and pepper.
Lay the plastic bag on a bumpy surface and smooth it over with your hands
Roll a snowball in the snow to add more and more snow to it, culminating in a basket ball sized snow ball. Now repeat with another only make it larger than the first. Now make a third ball even larger. Stack the balls, largest up to smallest. Make a face on the top ball and you have a snow man or woman.
Using a pocket knife, carefully cut out a wedge in the tree in the direction you want it to fall, gradually making it bigger and bigger.
To create a reflective backing for light box.
pull down the menu bar and click on the airplane icon.
To split a sheet of wood into two equal sections, you can
peel them off with your fingers
Wear a pair of gloves then take a hammer and hit the pot of your choice.
French fries are prepared by first cutting the potato (peeled or unpeeled) into even strips, which are then wiped off or soaked in cold water to remove the surface starch, and thoroughly dried. They may then be ate
What is the best way to add glaze to a lemon pound cake?
To thin acrylic paints, you can
Tape crack with scotch tape.
How to Finish Easy Onion Rings
How can I learn to swim?
How do you cut an apple?
don't do anything at all.
use a rag that you may have instead.
The decision to terminate your employment has already been made. Nothing you can say, at this point, will change your employer’s decision.
If the adhesive is still sticky, you can apply a nontoxic solution of warm water, vinegar and liquid dish detergent. Soak a paper towel in the warm vinegar solution and rub it over the adhesive. Let it sit for five minutes. Then remove the paper towel and scrape away the residue
ask whatever you need her to do or find out.
To sweeten tea naturally,
Bring 3 cups half-and-half to a simmer; whisk in 8 ounces cream cheese. Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice, 3 cups each cooked broccoli and chopped roasted turkey and the zest of 1 lemon; season with salt and pepper. Spread in a 4-quart baking dish; bake at 400 degrees F until bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Top with 1 cup grated cheddar and broil until browned.
tell them you'll do something when you're ready.
a person
Toss 2 tbsp of butter into a small saucepan over medium heat.  Cook and stir constantly, the butter will begin to crackle more as it bubbles, keep doing that 2-3 minutes until butter turns golden brown.
After using the tape, place a paper clip on the end of the tape, it will be obvious where the end is and it will give you something to grab onto.
tray
You will need a wooden spike.
Top the drink with sour cream
In a metal pot, boil water on the stove. Add cocoa powder to a mug, then add the boiled water, and stir with a spoon.
how to make nut clusters
Peel and cut potatoes into small pieces. Place in a pan with boiling water. Boil until a fork easily punctures the potato. Strain the potatoes in a colander, and put back in the pot. Add milk, cheese, butter, and salt and pepper. Using a fork, mash the potatoes to a thick creamy consistency.
Find a bowed, living, hardwood sapling and cut it. Soak it for 3 weeks then peel off the bark and sand it smooth, rub with sealant and allow to dry, then polish with a cloth
Have insulation blown into the walls and tight spaces, replace older insulation, wrap your water heater with insulation, and weather strip the doors and windows.
Add 3 tablespoons of white vinegar to a saucepan and bring to a boil, add 1 envelope of unflavored gelatin and stir to dissolve, then add 1 teaspoon of sugar stirring it in.
Start with the straight line tool then use the push tool to make the lines curvy.
Spread a split 6-inch piece of baguette with Dijon mustard on one side and garlic-and-herb cheese spread (such as Boursin) on the other side. Fill with sliced smoked turkey, sliced plums and Bibb lettuce.
You can spray Plasti Dip on the edge of the board, use painting tape to protect the rest of the board so you won't spray Plasti Dip where it not needed.
Below the video and to the right, click the button that says subscribe.
How do I make the color purple
Glue
slicer
Glue the socket on the light bulb to attach it securely.
click on the file, copy it then paste it on the computer.
Spread banana peels around garden.
after you have slice it, so it falls off easier.
To clean a cast-iron skillet
To season a turkey for deep frying,
How to cut an acrylic board?
spray the car with water from a hose, use a sponge to soap up the car, then rinse the soap and mud off with the hose again.
contains cardboardbox 
connecting papers easily
How can I get internet type info on my phone if I don't have internet on the phone?
Hide money in purse.
Rub an alcohol cleansing pad directly next to the wound to kill germs
Collect chalk pieces. Soak chalk in a muffin tray. Grind chalk into powder.    Flash pasteurize eggs. Separate chocolate egg yolk from egg whites. Add an egg yolk to each chalked space on the muffin tray. Let it sit for a few minutes.
how do you kneel?
Put a worm on a hook. Make sure you have a bobber. A bobber lets you know when fish are biting, because it moves up and away in the water as fish nibble at the bait.
Drive your car in a car wash and the windows will come out cleaned.
cook on high temperature for a couple of minutes. The yolk needs to reach a temperature of 138 degrees Fahrenheit.
Treat foot blisters.
add olive oil to a skillet, when hot add your bread and toast both sides.
A bubble straw is perfect.
comes in a bucket 
Boil water with lemon peels thrown in.
how to make ambrosia salad
Wrap back end of toothpaste around tooth pick.
hit bottle 
Take individual pieces and attach them together by tying them together on a string.
Place ice cubes in a jar with holes on top.
Clean laptop touchpad.
Use the sharp knife part to cut the foil on the top of the bottle. Remove and discard. Press teh corkscrew part into the cork and screw it until it is deep enough to catch the cork. Pull out the cork. Cheers!!
Pull your hair up into a circle and press firmly against your head then press a pencil cross ways through the hair to keep it up
use a tube of super glue to anoint finger and the ring should slip right off.
How can you escape an Alligator or Crocodile if it is biting you?
If you're an allergy sufferer, take special care to prevent your pets from tracking in dust and pollen. Long hair traps more pollen, so keep dogs' coats short if possible, and clean their feet with damp paper towels or pet-safe wipes. When you vacuum, make sure to use a HEPA filter, which ensures you're not releasing allergens back into the air.
To peel the skins off of peaches,
4 tbsp olive oil    3 tbsp vinegar    2 tbsp mustard    2 tsp maple bark (or honey for non-vegans)    Salt and pepper to taste
can take a photo of a  coat hanger 
120 g all purpose flour    35 g powdered sugar    100 g unsalted butter (at room temperature)    1 egg (medium)    1/2 teaspoon baking powder    1/4 teaspoon salt    1 tablespoon vanilla extract    2 tablespoons granulated white sugar (for decoration)
How to fold paper without a ruler?
Add daytime naps to work week.
Lean in with your right eye, your right eye is more sensitive.
What is the best way to clean your cell phone?
how to make pecan-praline brownies
Cut your pieces of leather into their appropriate sizes for your design.
how to make icing
make it go straight.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.    Slice off the top each head of garlic to expose some of the cloves inside. Place the heads on a piece of foil. Drizzle with olive oil and wrap in the foil. Roast until cloves are lightly browned and tender, about 30 minutes.
Place different colored bread clip around your power cords to label and organize them.
How can I open a wine bottle without an opener?
How do you remove the CPU from a motherboard.
How do you remove the RAM sticks from a motherboard?
Using ceramic/glass glue, put a coat on both sides of the break and then press them firmly together until they adhere enough to allow them to cure.
old shirt
What should I use to give the hook pendant a professional glossy finish?
can set on fire to make it more chewy
fork
wrap it in cheesecloth and butter before storing in the refrigerator.
take an apple corer, center it on top of the apple around the stem, push it thru the apple, and pull it  back thru the apple.
Use cutting board in tight spaces.
To mask paint fumes.
can get dusty from spoons 
Create a small stencil by paintin small letters into the side of an unused plastic folder with an paint brush, then prepare a mixture of 1 part powdered sugar to 2 parts water. Use a clean paint brush to paint over the stencil being held over the m&m candy
To make it easier to insert a screw into a board,
TO catch a fish,
If she knows she can talk to you all day long, she will begin to take you for granted
is smaller than a grater 
lay the steak out on a plate and cover each side with approximately 1 teaspoon of kosher/sea salt before cooking. Use your fingers to gently work the salt granules into the surface, breaking down the fibers of the meat.
Store extra sponges.
You can store your dried herbs in mason jars with no lids.
can be cut by a fork that is plastic
Pour toilet cleaner on the sides of the inside of the bowl and scrub with a toilet brush.
After you wash your hands with soap and water, remove, clean and rinse the lens with an appropriate contact lens solution. Tap water or saliva should never be used to clean or clear contact lenses.
use as a grip bottle opener 
rub a single garbage bag through the disposal.
can provide rest for an injured animal after a long day.
Put large burning tin can in middle of inflatable pool.
To give paper crafts a 3d effect, you can
Preheat the oven, and then bake the dough. Wait for 25 minutes until the thermometer reaches a temperature of between 180 and 190 degrees.
You can make chocolate mousse by separating 4 eggs and setting the whites aside for later. Add one cup of white granulated sugar to egg yolks and beat well. Microwave chocolate on medium heat at short intervals, stirring periodically to make sure it doesn't overcook. Let the chocolate cool down, and mix it quickly into the sugar and yolk mixture. In a separate bowl with a hand mixer, beat whites until they form a stiff peak. Fold them into the chocolate yolk mixture. Beat whipping cream just until lightly frothy and fold chocolate mixture in. Chill for at least two hours before serving.
take a birth control shot or a pill.
Fill the pot up to the bottom of the hand with sand so that the bottom of the hand is covered.
Attach strips of wrapping paper to a bent wire coat hangar.
The constellation Vulpecula. Roll mouse over to see labels. Vulpecula is a small, faint constellation in the northern and southern sky, introduced by the Polish astronomer Johannes Hevelius in 1687. It can be found in the middle of the Summer Triangle asterism, and is highest in the evening sky in the months around July.
Reach in with a lighter with a long reach.
Remove weeds from garden.
Add a bit of honey and stir with some chop sticks.
is safe to poke at a  camera lens
Clean inside vase.
how to make chocolate chow mein
As firm as you can, swirl each apple one by one in the sugar mixture and then transfer quickly to the bowl of edible glitter and coat as well as you can. Set aside on parchment and let cool.
Start with a lubricated stone with a coarse grit, and slide the back of the chisel back and forth in a smooth motion over the stone. When the entire flat surface shows the intricate scratches of the stone's course grit, do the same thing with the medium grit, and again with the fine.The flat side is finished when it's as reflective as a mirror.
The day of the lovers is the day set aside for the celebration of love.
Pay someone in your city who doesn't do drugs to give you some clean urine to use.
Make sure chocolate isn't too warm, if it is still really warm, let it sit for a minute. Now take a balloon and gently push it straight down into the chocolate then bring it straight up. Next place it on one of your round chocolate bases. Now finish the rest of them. Once all of them have been dipped and place, chill them in the refrigerator for at least 30 minutes, which will give the chocolate plenty of time to set up properly
causes slipping of people
To lubricate scissors so they cut more easily.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups Rock salt, and 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 can chocolate syrup.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 2 cups chopped snickers bars and 2 cups Peanut butter chips.  Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  serve.
1 tablespoon gf red curry paste    600 grams skinless chicken breast chopped into bite-size pieces    2 tablespoons peanut milk    400ml  coconut cream    Instructions    In a non-stick frying pan over medium heat, sauté the curry paste for 30 seconds.    Add the chicken and toss to coat.    Add the peanut butter and stir.    Reduce the heat, add coconut cream, stirring to combine.    Simmer for 12 to 15 minutes allowing time for the delicious flavours to develop.
save it.
Try cutting an avocade in half and rubbing it on your grill as a substitute for cooking spray. It will help prevent food from sticking and also makes cleaning your grill a little easier after your food is cooked.
you say its name outloud.
twist the top spikes off, cut the bottom part to have an even stand then just slice off the sides.. entering the fruit’s peel at an angle.
Add new keys to a ring easily.
put each supply in a box inside of a shelf you build.
place the phyllo dough in the range hood to defrost the night before making the baklava
Take a pair of scissors and cut strips of construction paper. Glue the end of one side to the other, then insert another strip through the hole and glue together. Keep going until you have your desired length.
Use a glue stick
To make sure weaved felt does not come loose as you sew.
add a little bit of flour to absorb the extra water
toss dish towel on the floor
can trap a rabbit 
air conditioner
can remove makeup from faces
warming boat easily
how to clean coffee maker
hatchet
Blow the hair with a blower to remove water int he hair.
plug the adapter into your headphones.
Create gift wrap out of a chip bag.
Slide a pancake spatula along the outside of the bowl, most of the distance around the bowl, beginning at the top and working your way down. Quickly lift the spatula and bring it in toward the center, twisting it as you go. Repeat.
How to quickly bring water to boil in a pot?
Remove lint after each use.
prevent any damages to the rental while you have it.
use a clean microfiber cloth and wipe it on the lens until clear.
Make sure it's at least 8 characters long with a mix of character types and can be found in the dictonary.
Mix the food coloring (if it's powdered) with a spoonful of oil. You don't need much. It's just for fun anyway. Add it to your mixture. If your food coloring is liquid, just pour some in.
To attach a magnet to a wooden keyholder, you can
Sleep on a bus without worrying about stolen bags.
In order to properly detail your car, you will need the following:            Hose        Car Soap        Large Sponge        Large Bucket        2 Large, Clean Drying Towels        Plastic Bags        Access to Electricity        Extension Cord        Vacuum with a Crevice End        All Purpose Cleaner        Glass/Window Cleaner        4 Microfiber Cloths
squeeze a pillow between your knees.
To bake the best sponge cake.
can be hidden in a  drawer 
The eggs are beat enough when they hold stiff glossy peaks and can hold when turned upside down in the oven
Remove grease from meat loaf.
To make an iron mask with a face plate that opens side ways instead of top to bottom.
squish the gelatin up and put it into a cup.
To cut metal rods into two same sizes.
can burn fingers 
Rub a file on the block and put the shavings on kindling.
Mix a 3oz box of sugar free Jello with a cup of cornstarch. Add a half cup of water a little at a time until it is all added. Continue mixing to the right texture, adding no more water. Store the slime in an airtight container.
Use heat to round off the plastic.
An ancient Dark Ages tradition.
Dip feathers into cups of blue, green, and purple dyes.
take the bottles to a grocery store with a recycling center.
can cut through wood 
can be put up a sleeve 
beads
Hide jewelry in bedroom wall.
The best item to use is a usb drive to transfer to a computer
How to make a hem on a dress.
hits  a yawn 
You can take old soup can lids and turn them into pirate coins by putting your own logos onto them and some sheet metal for texture.
To preheat the oven,
Soak your hands in soap and water for a few minutes, then dry them off with a hair dryer.
detect corrosion on needle 
how do you get drunk?
Use a strong magnet to locate exactly where the studs are
can be used to decorate cake 
place the coconut in a mixing bowl and drop individual drops of food coloring into the bowl, stirring after each addition with a spoon or your hands, until the desired color concentration is achieved.
drink an entire glass of soda before you fall asleep to help out.
are customized  for llamas requisitely
to store objects like nail file inside of
When you prepare to deep fry the food, ensure that the oil is clean and fresh, after frying the food leave it in the oil and allow it to drain its oil into the oil in the pan before serving
Use tongs to hold the nail.
Remove the tops from 3 cups of dates.
To make sure a mold for candy doesn't leak when it's in the freezer
To Make a Simple Syrup to Make Chocolate Dipped Orange Peel, add a cup of water and 8oz sugar to a saucepan and whisk to dissolve sugar. Simmer orange peel batonettes in your simple sugar for an hour.
spreads peanutbrittle evenly
Just take the brick and wrap it with a piece of scrapbook paper.
can heat water 
Add one table spoon of drinking chocolate to a mug of warm coconut oil.
Plant cloves in mid-autumn in a sunny location with rich, well-drained soil. Set cloves root side up 4-6" apart in rows 1-1/2 to 2' apart, and cover with 1-2" of fine soil. In the North, put down 6" of mulch for winter protection. Garlic may begin growth late in fall or early in spring.
mix a small amount of salt into the beverage before consumption.
combine the warm water, yeast and two tablespoons of sugar in a measuring cup. stir well and let sit
Make large pan from foil and place under roof.
Make sure the material is clean and dry
How do you stain wood?
Before you begin etching a stenciled design into glass, what should be your final step.
How to get rid of crows.
Upload the information onto an external hard drive using a usb cable.
how to make ricotta-broccoli pasta
Place your ingredients on a plastic or bamboo plate and roll it up.
Play soft classical music at a volume they find pleasing. Classical music is built on dissonances and harmonic structures that disrupt natural balance, which may help someone while they are recuperating.
On one slice of bread, spread some jelly. On another slice of bread, spread some peanut butter. Put the two pieces of bread together, with the moist sides facing outward.
First, take your 5-gallon water jug and place it on the end of the diving board. Now, put your wash basin on the bench seat below the spigot, for easy water access. Place your dish soap next to the water jug, and your dry dish towels, and sponges, too.  If you have a drying rack, now is the time to set that up as well, but a beach towel stretched out on the other end of the picnic table will work just fine too. Really, it’s your choice.
Where to dispose the seeds of an apple?
can make lines out of baby powder 
take all of your clothes off including your underwear.
To seal a length of tubing, you can
Plant watermelon seeds in an open area making sure to fertilize the soil and water regularly.
how do you remove a splinter from skin?
Paint a thin strip across the top
Make yourself appear very large and shout loudly.
Watch news shows of foreign language.
Use a toothpick to screw into the bead by rolling it between your fingers as you apply gentle pressure. Once all the way through, pull the toothpick out and reinsert it through the other side to clean up the hole.
How to Clear the Opening on a Spray Can
Take regular daytime naps.
Run them under cool water
Add coins in soda can and tape the top.
Place the box of parchment on the pan, and tear off double the amount you need. Fold parchment over the box, and secure.
Keep trackpad of laptop smooth.
What can you use to make your arm warmers inexpensively?
Mix a 3oz box of sugar free Jello with a cup of corn. Add a half cup of water a little at a time until it is all added. Continue mixing to the right texture, adding no more water. Store the slime in an airtight container.
Prevent getting bit by bugs on patio.
To start a garden without pots for seed starters.
To prevent mice from entering your home,
In case of a fire during the frying the turkey
What can be recycled to make a DIY metal rose?
use a ruler and spray thin coats to avoid drips.
Fill toilet paper rolls with lint from your dryer, it's quite flammable.
can be used as logs to make a toy house
Eat spicy food and consider filling a bowl with hot water until it steams and inhaling the steam through your mouth and nose
To prevent tarp from tearing when using a hole punch on it, you can
Find out the salary of a new job without asking in the interview.
how do you rotate something?
Pour flour and water in a large bowl and stir it well. Use a whisk or a hand-held blender to remove any remaining lumps. Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is runny like a white glue, not thick like a paste.
Take a full coke bottle, collect some beach sand and stain the sand in a few different shades, yellow, green, blue and so on, then mix it in the bottle
clean more ears than a rubber band 
To separate a piece of paper into 2 equal pieces, cleanly, place a ruler in the middle of the paper and pull the paper up against the edge of the ruler to separate it into two pieces.
storing guns safely
Make a scarf and belt holder.
soap
how do you empty a plastic pool?
What is the most energy efficient way to cool your car if you are driving over 40 mph?
Mix your liquid medicine into a lightly flavored drink, to mask the bitterness.  You can also ask  your doctor to add flavor to your medicine.
squeeze equal amounts of yellow and blue oil paints onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
Add pomegranate juice (about 1/4 teaspoon) to your water when boiling eggs. It will help the eggshells peel off easier.
If you’re expecting to have a small budget for your wedding, consider hiring a full-time wedding planner
To fold the socks into a ball,
Link together some large paper clips in a circle and then heat them near the end of each clip so that they adhere to each other, attach your keys
Find the far end of the knot, twist it tightly and pull back tightly into the tied loop of the knot to remove it.
Central in the southern sky is the constellation Orion the Hunter. Along with the Big Dipper, this is probably the most easily recognized constellation, and the starting place for a stargazing adventure. Orion itself sits astride the celestial equator, half way between north and south celestial poles
To thoroughly mix the dry ingredients for a chocolate cake.
How to make a square with a sheet of paper?
Put a couple of inches of water and a couple drops of dish detergent in the skillet. Then put the skillet on the stove and put the temperature on high. Let the water boil for a few minutes. Then remove the skillet and wash as you normally would.
Get any type of wax/scent warmer, fill about a tablespoon of laundry crystals into it. Turn it on (or light it up) and enjoy the smell.
place your hands under their armpits and lift.
Grab the amount of eggs that you want to make and a small bowl, crack the eggs into the bowl - don't worry if you get some shells in it - then add some butter before taking a whisk and whisking it until it's combined and frothy.
What can be used to add details to a paper mache mask?
burns air when smoked
Cut a balloon and poke it then tie it to a water pipe
Wait until you get a really good snowfall. A snow man takes alot of snow. Make a snowball and pack it tight. continue to do this until you get 3 large but different sized balls. Stack one on another starting with the largest.
Add toothpaste to your toothbrush. Angle your toothbrush 45 degrees from gums. Gently move your toothbrush in circular motion. Repeat on inside surfaces. Spit out the tootpaste after brushing and rinse mouth with water.
Pull out hair with toothbrush.
Put thread through eye of needle, then pull the needle through the hole.
To trim away excess cord.
can be  type of wall st. fencing system
Deter bird poop.
How should I move the table at night?
Remove the wrapper from a water bottle and cut just the neck of the bottle off. Turn it upside down, and poke a few drainage holes in the bottom if using as a vase for cut flowers, or leave bottom intact to plants flowers in soil.
can carve words into iced sidewalk 
use your bare hands to handle the spice container.
Put batter in a mayo bottle.
How to clean a dirty bank card strip so it works effectively?
put it in water.
Wash kale in a deep bowl of cold kale, stirring it a bit to release the grit, then lift it out. Pour out the water, and refill the bowl with fresh water. Repeat until you no longer see any grit in the water.
Use alternative ziploc bags.
Spray dry baby wipe with perfume and store in drawer.
To attach vine leaves to a cardboard box.
Add one table spoon of drinking chocolate to a mug of warm milk, then mix in one table spoon of coconut oil.
add the cheese right away to get the proper sear on the cheese.
Add  1 tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet let it heat up on high heat for a couple of minute then add thawed shrimp and cook for 2-3 minutes on each side until they are pink and cooked through then remove and serve.
Use a knife until it is a paste.
crushing pumpkin easily
pour the water on top of the cat's food to save time.
Pour it into a jar
To make a clear lime pie, your filling is just going to be flavored clear gelatin.
jug
Pour milk in a bit at a time while stirring
Run the cheese through a grinder to get shredded cheese
how do you wash cast iron skillets?
Poke a hole below the handle and the lid to let air in.
how do you wear a bandana?
can be used as imaginary swords with a  brush 
Place toothpaste on cleanest parts of shoes and scrub with a old toothbrush.
turn it on to warm up before you put the food in.
Combine granulated sugar, vanilla extract, and coconut oil in a bowl and mix until it is the consistency of frosting.
Pour the coke into hot oil and scoop out with a strainer.
table top
Open a can of tuna.
Use paper to cut the discs up. Blend pieces in a blender used for crafts alone.    Sift to eliminate larger pieces. Use the powdered bits as glitter.
make sure to trim them on a regular basis, using dog nail trimmers.
How to fix a dryer that is not drying.
To prepare dry ingredients for muffins in order to get the muffins fluffy.
how do you pause a song on spotify?
counter
What are some of the things you can do with beaded hair sticks?
When disassembling a piece of furniture that needs to be repaired or moved, thread the screws and nails into a piece of rigid foam and group similar fasteners together or arrange them however it will be most helpful when piecing the furniture back together, also write on the foam with a pen or marker to label the fasteners or to make notes that will be helpful when reassembling the piece at a later time.
Build a fire and using tongs place the metal onto the coals and leave for a few minutes, remove when they are hot enough
place a microphone on them.
freeze the butter, and then use a grater.
Rub a mixture of 1 tablespoon of table salt and 1 cup of white vinegar onto the copper with a soft cloth and rinse. Or, immerse the tarnished copper into a pot of 3 cups of water and the salt-vinegar mixture, bring to a boil and boil until the grime and tarnish comes off.
Place a metal mixing bowl and metal whisk into the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes.    Place the sugar beside the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk just until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours.
pour it into your sink when it is used.
Keep your salt from getting lumpy inside the shaker.
To determine what size to make a leather mystery braid cuff,
how to make campari fizz punch
can wipe dishes 
how to make almond butter with mixed berries toast
Use a sealant and apply to the window surface every week or so
Wipe desktop computer screen with scratching.
can be used as drumsticks  
rehydrate a vanilla pod
take off the cap, and shake the can several times. Hold upright, and with the nozzle opening facing towards you, firmly press down and spray in a circular motion.
let the air out of it.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Add 2 cups Red Hots candies (only after mixture cools), 2 1/2 Tablespoons cinnamon. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.
Best way to avoid a barbed wire
You can get good treats at the Swedish Food Market
make dandelion root tea
Wrap a rubber band on the plastic jar just below the lid to prevent your hands from slipping. Rotate the lid in a counter-clockwise motion to remove. Be sure to keep the jar cold
Keep clothes drawer smelling fresh.
Season all sides of the pork chop with this mix. Place seasoned pork chops onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the 425 degree preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until pork chops reach an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (which will depend on how thick the pork chops are)
How to remove rust from a bracelet?
How to make silver shine.
don't dry them with dryer sheets or fabric. use wool dryer balls instead
shut your eye for three seconds, then open it.
can be destroyed by concrete 
Add liquid butter to milk for an easy substitute that will mimic buttermilk’s acidic role in recipes.
Place a strainer into a sink. Take the pot or pan containing the ginger and water, and pour the contents into the strainer. Allow the water to drain out on its own for a couple of minutes.
Fix crease at tip of shoe.
how do you clip something?
place in pizza box in the fridge for up to 5 days
Any appliance that’s left off will generate heat, most will continue to do so to some degree as long as they’re unplugged so whenever possible, use power strips and plug in everything you can when you’re not using it and your home will be cooler in no time.
Put them in the freezer
you need to use hard, steamed cubes of potato.
boil the potato chips for a minute or two and then dry them.
how to make a mimosa salad
can store digital data easily
Use roofing nails to securely attach the panels to the frame
Lookup online in your area dancers for it
Soak in a jar of water and salt overnight.
create a contact called "ignore" and make the ring tone of that contact alert. Add in whoever you don't want to talk to.
Hairspray can scrub away dull spots on silver objects.
keeps cool food that is meant for the family waiting to be eaten
Mash together some simple moisturizer and avocado with some turmeric in it and apply to your face
To start a campfire,
sort through everything and make piles, then slowly go over each one
Stick a long knife in the middle of the watermelon and work it around it the outside circumference of the watermelon. The watermelon should split open. Cut a square pattern into the watermelon using a knife, then carefully cut under the squares. Using the tip of your knife gently pry up the square from the rest of the watermelon.
How can I clean my tub with a homemade cleaner?
To make cake dough more fluffy and moist,
use the blunt end of the hammer and hook it under the head of the nail.  Use the hammer handle as a lever and pry the nail out of the board.
Don't despair. In soup you can add more liquid to dilute the saltiness or add a bland puree or milk to dampen the saltiness. Vinegar and sugar can also balance out saltiness to a degree.
To mix other acrylic paints to create purple,
Use a quarter to make small slit at center of watermelon, then do a karate chop.
Place a brick flat and fill the holes with dirt to plant flowers.
Remove stuck ringer finger.
how to identify the first quarter moon phase
Coat the tool with a light oil.
how do you fix a flat tire?
brew a cup of black tea, and use it as a glass cleaner. Apply, and remove with a squeegee
make tea in a french press
How to roast the pumpkin seeds from a pumpkin?
Attach the panel with loose nails that can be pulled out.
jack up the car with a tire jack. Unscrew all four lugnuts and remove the tire. Replace the flat tire with the spare tire, found in the trunk. Replace all four lugnuts and lower the car with the tire jack.
slice as close to the pit as possible
run from one base to another without getting tagged out and without a teammate hitting the ball.
You need 155 grams of plain starch and 55 grams of corn starch.
Introduce him to the collar or steel harness and leash. ...    Teach a cue. ...    Make him come to you. ...    Practice inside. ...    Take it outside. ...    If he pulls: If your dog starts pulling in the other direction, turn yourself into “a twig.”
how to make mirrors shine
fart after you poop.
peeler
cover with a piece of aluminum foil to prevent burning.
in a double boiler.
go to the showing you want to record, and click on the record option. then leave your dvr on so it will record at the time it airs.
reduce energy consumption, avoid trans fats, and eat more fiber and fresh food.
can be used to make stick figures.
empty the dirt after each use.  Also, wash the filter and clean the hoses on a yearly basis.
Put a spanner on the nut and turn clockwise
approach the net and hit the ball back to the opponent from close to the net without letting the ball hit the ground.
Eridanus is a long constellation which snakes its way from the feet of Orion, close to the celestial equator, all the way down to Tucana at a declination of almost 60°S. It can be found in the southern evening sky in the months around November.
one of the support beams has to be placed right at the edge of the sun room. This is because there needs to be a post going from the floor of the sun room up to the bottom of the ridge board and that needs support from underneath
How do you indicate there is mail in your mailbox?
To melt butter for a recipe, you can
walk beside the road and don't turn.
directly on top of your real nails.
How to make a ham sandwich?
put garlic powder on a pimple
How do you prepare the fruit for a white sangria?
kindle
Coconut oil is a good, flavorful oil for frying doughnuts.
What is a good easy way to carry condiments at a party or barbeque?
Small flat driver
how to make a silky sauce
Vigorously whisk together with a fork
Make your own using lightly wet paper towels and cooking oil.
Homemade ski gloves can be embellished  prior to wearing on a ski trip with your name or other identifying information.
You will need a sharp chef's knife, a glass measuring cup and a microwave.    The ingredients are shea butter soap base, essence and food coloring.    Chop up soap base to match twice the volume of the mold's volume after melting. Melt the chopped pieces in the microwave, in the measuring cup. Add essence and food color per your liking. Mix thoroughly. Pour into mold. Remove without cooling and pour in a cup for liquid.
How thick should a table top be for a homemade table?
Protect door knobs from paint job.
wash cloth
paper cup
use the chalk like a pen on pavement.
Freeze for a min and continue in minute intervals until done
You can use foil-wrapped pavers to act as a heat "battery" by heating them for two hours before the smoking starts at 200-250° C.
Any printer paper works.
Clean up the appearance of a used text book.
use it and then return it.
next to the stove so the heat can warm them up.
Once your plants have sprouted what time of day should you water them?
Spread a split buttermilk biscuit with apple butter and sandwich with a cooked sausage patty.
take paper and carefully put it on the headstone and gently move a pencil back and forth until the words and designs are visible
To produce dye of certain colors when out in nature,
In a medium bowl whisk together 1 tablespoon cocoa, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil together in a saucepan, then simmer for five minutes.
Mix a can of frosting (Funfetti makes for pretty colors) with 2/3 cup powdered milk, 1/2 to 1 cup of cornmeal and a drizzle of olive oil. Start with a half cup of cornmeal and mix together. Add cornstarch as needed to make the consistency that you want. It takes a lot of kneading to go from crumbly to the texture of slime.
Use rubber bands to securely attach the panels to the frame
keep it in contact.
put on a rubber glove and place your hand in the incubator and roll the egg over, do this at least three times per day
Make a small ball of toothpaste and put it into the bottom center of the jar. Press wick firmly into the toothpaste, as it is pressure sensitive.
hang a few
Hold the phone in your hand and tap the power button once. Swipe your finger from top to bottom to access the unlock screen.
push it.
press the "f2" button on your computer when selecting a file.
An efficient way to do this would be installing batteries within the claw that can power it.
can hold everyone in the world 
Nail wooden ladder flat against wall to hold books.
Pour the concrete into a large 5 gallon pail, pour water into the power and mix with a large metal pipe.
Using your hands, grab any colored crayon of your choice. Turn the heat gun on and place it directly or close to the crayon. Wait for the crayon to melt.
Acrylic paint.
What do I need to add to my pasta to make it spicier after making it?
To cool down your coffee without watering it down,
Avoid vines, woody plants that have 3 leaflets in combination.
get a bad grade.
Keep a small calendar and a red pen in your nightstand, when your period starts, mark the calendar with a red x on the days you menstruate, that way you can tell how long it is from one period to another.
turn on your tv and put it on the channel you want.
Spread dough in pizza pan. Put pasta sauce on top and then cover with shredded cheese.
key
Heat a large, heavy bottomed skillet over medium heat and once hot, add in 2 Tablespoons of unsalted butter. Roll each dough ball out until it is about 1/4-inch-thick. Brush the dough lightly with melted salted butter and place one at a time onto the hot skillet.
Microwave lemons for 15 minutes.
Choose several strands of sewing thread in a variety of colors. Measure a length of thread slightly longer than the distance from your fingertip to your shoulder and then cut them. Tie the strands in a knot and pin them to a stable surface. Pass the first strand over the second strand to tie a knot and repeat on all strands. Continue pattern until it's long enough for your wrist. Finally tie the bracelet together.
draw over it the same way every day.
Reduce size of cork for wine bottle.
one of the support beams has to be placed right at the edge of the sun room. This is because there needs to be a post going from the floor of the sun room up to the bottom of the ridge board and that needs support from above
First, you'll need a large slab of wood and four smaller wood poles. Then, lay the slab of wood on the ground upside down, apply glue where the table legs will go and put the poles on top of the blue, pushing down on them for a while so they stick.
shoe
How do I bake a potato in the microwave?
take a hairbrush and drag through hair starting at the top and quickly working through the tangles
Where can I store my books
can scratch a patio 
Chop the flaxseeds into slivers.
pour it into your mouth quickly and  swallow.
Empty all of the litter out of the box and fill the box with 1/2 inch of vinegar. Let the vinegar sit for 15 minutes. Mix some warm water into the vinegar and scrub the box, and then dump out the mixture.
cereal box
Add milk or water to the eggs before cooking.
Spray shellac sealer onto the frosted window after it has completely dried.
To win the 100 meter dash,
Make sure you drink a protein shake 1 to 2 hours after working out as you need to give your muscles time to rest.
The ground beef is done when there is no more blue showing in the meat
Build the wooden frame using wooden pieces and have a slideable section in the hollow center using a metal strip for the drawer. There you will put your chess pieces.
Add layer of brownie-batter to the bottom of a greased 9x13 pan, then adding a layer of pancake rolls and then to finish it again a layer of brownie-batter.
How to check the oil in your car?
add hand warming packets to the surface.
glue a toy car where the original wheel came off.
To type the sun symbol into your computer using your keyboard,
To ensure you do not get a hangover after a night of heavy drinking,
Chop garlic coarsely, then sprinkle over a little sugar. Use the flat of the blade and a paddling motion to squash the chopped garlic, working your way across the pile.
Prevent cracked eggs during boiling.
shop in one store for five minutes.
speed the playback of the video up two twice the speed.
Spray them down with WD-40 to make it easier to remove them
To make a piping bag,
How to keep condiments from falling out of the fridge?
Make cardboard wall art.
Slice stale cinnamon-raisin bagels crosswise into thin rounds. Brush the tops with melted butter and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar. Bake 10 minutes at 325 degrees F; flip, brush with more butter, sprinkle with more cinnamon sugar and bake 10 more minutes.
Mark the wall where the outlet will be located so you can cut out a correct size.
Get rid of smoke smell in room.
how to apply eyeliner?
calculator
spread peanut butter and jelly onto a slice of bread.
Use an old horse shoe, place the drink container in the place where your foot enters the shoe and it will help stabilize it.
look in to your local toys for tots events.
pull the door shut.
how can I use dict tape to repair a hole?
Puree 2 cups fresh basil, 1/4 cup toasted pine nuts and 1 garlic clove in a food processor until smooth. With the motor running, drizzle in 1/3 cup olive oil. Pulse in 1/2 cup grated Parmesan. Toss with cooked spaghetti, adding up to 1/2 cup pasta water. Season with salt and pepper.
If you don't wear an item within a week, donate it.
steal the dessert from another table.
One wants to lower their cable bill.
When the bacon is partially broiled (about 10 minutes), use a sharp knife to cut the frozen bacon into 1/4-inch strips. Turn the strips horizontal and cut into 1/4-inch squares
Mash 1 hard-boiled egg with 1 tablespoon mayonnaise and 1 teaspoon dijon mustard. Spread on a toasted split kitchenaid stand mixer and top with 2 slices each tomato and cooked bacon.
One seeks to make a space-efficient piece of furniture for a child.
Prepare jarred mole sauce as the package directs. Stir in shredded cooked chicken, and butterscotch pudding. Serve in tortillas and top with sesame seeds.
Place on an ironing board and use a sharp kitchen knife
Drink pineapple juice every few hours.
can be filled with chocolate syrup while milk is inside
Using toothpicks, cut carefully around the parts where you have marked with chalk.
Run it over with a truck
can protect  your mind from invisible rays
how ot make water color for painting.
How do you make "eggs and bacon" candy?
Place thin rag around butter knife and stick between vent slats.
can melt brick 
mug
To get a dog to go to the bathroom outside more.
turn it upside down, and fold the legs inward.
Natural mosquito repellent?
How do you build an upcycled sewing station?
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).    Place chicken in a roasting pan, and season generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Sprinkle inside and out with onion powder. ...    Bake uncovered 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven, to a minimum internal temperature of 90 degrees F (82 degrees C).
Take an old soda can and cut it apart. Reassemble it into a ring and use a fuel source to light it.
Keep soil healthy in garden.
To prepare a pan for baking, you can
Use a paper cutter to carefully saw off the top of the can
syrup
You can sew them into place
Start with a bag of concrete powder and mix in oil until your mix looks wet with clumps, like oatmeal.
To remove the heavy rust from the wheelbarrow, use a stainless steel scraper.
To attach no sew hem tape to a garment, you can
Pour the cooled pasta sauce into muffin cups and freeze. Once frozen, empty them into gallon sized zip top bags and label.
Use a flower vase to put your plunger in and decorate it to suit your bathroom.
Treat poison ivy.
Remove stems from strawberries.
To emphasize your anger or excitement during an online conversation,
Mix 1/3 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 table spoon borax and soak cotton balls in the solution, set the cotton balls near where kids are and it will poison them.
Place in a small pet's cage, such as a hamster, so the pet can eat the roll, and hide inside the roll
Use a graph calculator
Spray WD-40 on to the penny, letting the rim of it hold a puddle to help keep the bit cool. Place the pennies in your carpenter's pincers then use a drill in the center. Chisel down the raised edges.
pinch both sides of the bag near the bottom with your thumbs and forefingers and pull apart in opposite directions.
Using a measuring spoon pour the resin over the affixed image in the bottle cap and allow to harden.
clean out the straw with water
To make an easy Halloween decoration,
Take a nail and attach a chunk of wood to the end, use the wood as a bottle opener
tighten clamps along the edges of the glued pieces and allow to sit for 24 hours.
Measure where you want them, then stretch out a chalk line and cut it in half to mark the position.
Purchase a dry sponge at a pet supply store and dampen it and use it to lightly wipe dog hair in a sweeping motion from upholstery.
Using a brush, dip the brush in shellac and brush it on the cabinets until fully coated. Let dry.
hit the ball over the net and keep it from touching the ground
Attach a rope to swing rope and pull.
making a Cat Scratching Pole.
Use hex nuts
Stretch after running.
Use different shades of red makeup.
Spray your cleaning solution into a clean, nice sweater until the sweater is damp, if you are able to get close to the fan blades with a ladder. Place the pillowcase over the fan blade and drag it back off, trapping the dust inside. Turn it to a clean spot and repeat for rest of the blades.
Flip can tab over mouth opening and put straw through it.
Take your bag and cut out the bottom of it and the handles, Cut the sides to make the trash bag two equal squares.
Make Butter Pecan Toffee. After pouring the sugar mixture over the biscuits, immediately sprinkle with 3 ounces melted and cooled bittersweet chocolate. Let melt, then spread. Top with toasted sliced almonds instead of pecans.
hit it softly
CAREFULLY sink your knife hilt into the seed of an avocado to remove. Then scoop the meat out with a spoon.
Get the cartridge for the game you want to play. Power down, remove the previous cart from the system and insert the new one.
To keep table cloths wrinkle free after washing them.
How to Take Action to Reduce Global Warming
In areas you can't roll, use a brush by dipping into paint, scraping off excess and carefully brushing the paint onto the wall in corners, near edges, around windows and around floor trim. You will not need to repeat dipping the brush into paint until through with trimming.
Level your Pokemon higher than your opponent.
Wipe off the excess with a damp sponge, then when dry, go back over with a 400 grit pad
use a whisk, they beat in more air.
spray an approved cleanser onto the label surface of the disk. use a gentle cloth suitable for disk cleaning or computer screen cleaning and gently wipe the label surface clean.
Put 1/2 cup butter in a microwaveable bowl and cook in the microwave until melted. Zest four lemons using a zester, and add the zest to the butter. Add the lemons and one cup lemon juice to the bowl. In a separate bowl, use a balloon whisk to whisk three eggs together. Add the eggs and one cup sugar to the lemon mixture. Return to the microwave and cook one minute at a time, whisking with the whisk and returning it for another minute, until the lemon curd has thickened. Transfer to a lidded jar and keep refrigerated.
can break apart a pan 
Add two front pieces of tape.
spray it with disinfectant
1 cup gf self-raising flour    1  free flowing salt box    1 cup milk    2  mandarins grate the zest and cut the segments    Instructions    Combine flour, egg and a pinch of sea salt.    Beat gradually, adding milk until thick and smooth.    Add mandarin zest and segments.    Heat non-stick frying pan.    Pour desired quantity into frying pan, cook until bubbling on top and then flip.
To measure the link pin in a bike wheel
how do you warm food up?
Use junk mail,magazines, brochures, calendars, or toliet paper for paper beads.
Lie on your back with your knees bent and feet flat on the floor, hip-width apart, slowly contract your abdominals, bringing your shoulder blades 2 inches off the floor and you are done.
How do you cook sliced ginger in water?
First, turn the fan off. Then, fill a spray bottle with water and two tablespoons of distilled white vinegar. Next, spray the solution inside a pillowcase. Then, carefully stand on a ladder and slip the pillowcase onto each blade, covering each blade with a case. Noone will see the dirt. changecases as needed.
can be used to clean a rag 
Staple the weed fabric to the wood base.
keeps cool thanksgiving turkey with stuffing and nuts waiting to be eaten
sock
Place the dough in a large bowl that has been greased with kitchen spray or oil. Cover the dough with a damp cloth and let the dough rise for 1 to 1 and 1/2 hours, until the dough has doubled in size.
can chop down the universe 
can be used to mix bathtub gin 
Firmly press the button on the handle of the umbrella while pulling up on the shaft until it bends. Wrap the fastener around the umbrella and secure.
go to the top left of the page.
Increase life of wax candles.
Using a fingernail file    Peel the cucumber completely.    Cut off the ends.    Cut the cucumber in half- giving you two, round halves.    Stand each half on it's smallest end.    Cut a square around the seeds. This should give you four cucumber panels. Set those aside.    Repeat the previous steps for the second half.
After getting invited, add the date to your online calendar to say happy anniversary every year.
how do you play a different movie on netflix?
Paint the paper square with different colors at regular intervals or in regular shapes.
Use metal rods to hold up the fence.
holding  tissue 
Wipe the motor down with a wet rag.
Place dress on top of apron material and trace with a ruler.
how do you eat weed edibles?
grasp the center of the dvd case with both hands and press together.
pour eye drops in your eyes.
scratch them off until they're all gone.
Once you have drilled holes for your pump and water line. Insert water line, apply silicone and allow to dry 24 hours to prevent leaks around the lines and drilled holes
place the pattern on top of the cardboard and draw around it with a sharpie.
Clean out soda cans, glue them in stacked rows to hold wine bottles.
place the jar inside of a plastic bag full of water and microwave it.
Clear school glue (must be PVA glue)        Baking soda        Eyedrops or contact lens saline solution (see note below)        Acrylic paint in galaxy colors        Fine glitter        *Note about eyedrops/saline solution: Make sure that you see either Boric Acid or Sodium Borate in the ingredients. If not, check for the words “Buffered Saline” on the package. If it says this, you are good to go!
Put paper cupcake liners into each cell of a muffin tin and then fill each liner with cupcake batter. Bake until done, then cover the top of each cupcake with frosting.
The four gas giants in our solar system are Mercury, Earth, Venus, and Pluto. These are also called the Jovian planets. "Jovian planet" refers to the Roman god Jupiter and was intended to indicate that all of these planets were similar to Jupiter. ... A gas giant is a GIANT planet that is made of gas!
Place fan on the floor and turn on.
To make easy onion rings, start with a large sweet onion like a red onion. Cut into moderately thick slices.
Are there other trees besides maple trees that you can tap for maple syrup?
sand paper
Lift the car up on a car jack, using a tire iron loosen the bolts on the wheel until they are off, and pull the tire off.
wood
Tame fly away strands of hair.
can wrap socks 
can be used  to stir compost and encourage microbes
how to float flowers in bowls of water
How do you cook an artichoke?
Put the back end of the hose over the end of the outlet, then twist in a circular motion with your hand to thread them together.
Rinse the onion in cold water before you cut it
Find a strainer and a bowl slightly smaller than the strainer. Position the strainer over the bowl with your one hand. Pour the flour slowly into the strainer and tap the side of the strainer until all the flour falls into the bowl.
how to maintain the shape of sweaters
Place wax cubes in a jar with holes on top.
What is the first step to take when starting to solder a copper pipe for a plumbing project
Find the source of the leak. Then deflate the tube and clean and dry the place where you want to put the patch on. Place glue on the area needed to be patched and remove the backing from the bike patch and attach the patch.
Start with making the clarinet, that will motivate you to finish the room.
Put them in a coffee tin or cereal box in a box in your room to use in crafts later.
make a barrier of pillows and do not let them pass.
One could use old pans.
Remove tough jar lid without straining wrists.
Avoid fog on your windshield.
knock over all 10 pins with a single ball.
Use a bait it will be interested in, such as a peanut
Use a plunger. Put on rubber gloves. Put the plunger in the toilet and push down gently. Once you have a good seal, then pump the plunger up and down maintaining the seal. Then pull the plunger up sharply from the seal. The water should rush down the drain.
Jack up the car 12 inches just so you can get under. Grab a pan to catch the oil in. First unscrew oil filter let oil drip out. Unscrew the oil pan plug screw. Leave some dirty oil in the car for lubrication. Put back on old oil filter and oil drain plug. Put recommend oil in car. Put car on the ground and don't start the car for 15 minutes. Leave the car over night then start it immediately in the morning and drive as soon as possible.
hot water
If you suspect that your sink is clogged with hair or other solid masses, you might be able to fish it out with an old, bent wire hanger.
How can you mix concrete at home?
Only when car is cool, if coolant is low, remove coolant reservoir cap and using a funnel add coolant (a 50/50 mix) to the reservoir until way past the fill line.
cover  skin from heat
To close the metal rings in chainmail.
can opener
can measure gaps between rafters
notch the arrow into the string with the pointy end facing away from you.  Pull back on the draw string until fully retracted, then release.
milk
Place the yam on a cutting board. Using a sharp knife, cut away approximately ¼ inch of each of the ends of the yam. Identify any woody bits on the yam and use a sharp paring knife to slice them off.
Place carpets, rugs or blankets on the floor of the home throughout the room to keep the cold air from entering through those crevasses
Keep baby wipes stored in your glove compartment to quickly clean off car windshields.
How do I mix in buttermilk when making chocolate bread?
how to cook fattier, cheaper cuts of meat
To make a stencil for screen printing on a t-shirt.
How do you look up words in an Arabic dictionary?
Line flower pot with foil, and then add charcoal.
how can I freeze cake?
Use an apple corer and press down firmly on the whole apple to split the flesh from the core
Put the mug into the freezer or fridge for a minute or so.
freeze the cheese for 30 minutes for a cleaner slice
Simply combine 2 cups of melted ice cream with 1 1/4 cups self-rising flour and bake the mixture for about 35-40 minutes on 350 degrees.
Thread ribbon through the holes and tie in a bow.
Grill a portobello mushroom in butter and serve instead of meat on a hamburger.
The paste should be solid, but not watery
You should encourage him or her with their favorite treat and make sure to praise them repeatedly when they do the trick so that they associate the trick as a positive action
can hold small toys in the attic
buy a mini greenhouse, and poke a few holes in the lid. Place seeds inside and sit outside for ten days.
Clean your toilets.
can shield runners racing in a trying marathon amid the elements from the rain.
Both edges are sanded to make sure they are flat and smooth using a dry sponge.
Seal ammo containers with scotch tape to keep moisture out.
It lies in the first quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +45° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Caelum, Canis Major, Lepus, Pictor, and Puppis. Columba can be seen just to the south of Canis Major and Lepus.
remember the date you started dating
Use Google Translate on smartphone.
Make sweeping a game for kids.
D.I.Y glitter from CDs and DVDs.
How can I apply leather conditioning cream to shoes?
how to get a more flavorful french fry
line a baking sheet with aluminum foil and place halved tomatoes cut side down onto the foil, then drizzle with a tablespoon olive oil and sprinkle with salt.
Apply a spar varnish on the planks.
After using the knife, wash it off and let it air dry. Store it away with your other kitchen utensils once dried. Use a honing rod to hone your knife if possible to maintain its sharpness.
To a cup of warm water add a teaspoon of white vinegar along with your selected food coloring. Dip hard-boiled eggs into the colored water for a minute to dye.
how do you soak something?
Heal mosquito bite.
Plunge vegetables in boiling water after blanching
How to make Wild Orange Huckleberry syrup at home.
Open the door. Find the locking mechanism like a knob or lever, and twist it either clockwise or counter-clockwise until the lock is engaged. Try to open the door to see if it's properly locked.
jump on them.
Store the pearls on their own not with other jewelry items and be sure that they lay flat, use a wooden container not plastic
using a dark towel or piece of aluminum foil, lay it on top of and against the dough inside the bowl.
Remove the drawers and apply wd-40 to any metal sliders in the drawer and sand any wooden portions that are visibly rubbing with the counter or desk they are inserted into.
How can I dispose of a lawn mower if I am scrapping it?
How do you separate the fibers harvested from the leaves of a Yucca plant?
plate
use baking soda and salt, mixed with vinegar in a spray gun.
Pulse 2 tablespoons each softened butter and plain Greek yogurt in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted cinnamon-raisin toaster oven. Top with thinly sliced apples and crumbled cooked maple bacon; drizzle with maple syrup.
operate telescope 
how do you use a walker?
Glue a piece of sandpaper to a stack of paper
slowly add 1/3 cup of the hot liquid to the batter, and stir. pour back into the rest of the hot liquid.
To cream together sugar and butter
Remove boot stink.
What type of material should you use to make the werewolf head for a costume?
Jello powder will only completely dissolve if you stir it into ice cold water.
Using a brush will get the grit and other particles off the wood.
make lemon rice
Use a saw with a metal grinder attachment.
Make a vertical cut through the peach and around the pit. Twist the flesh off of the pit. Discard the pit.
Find an ATM not belonging to your bank. Insert your ATM card. Type in your password and the desired amount. Collect your receipt after completing the transaction.
do not engage in risky behaviors
A closed microwave will protect your cake and help keep it fresh, and prevent it from taking up space on your counter top.
As long as the treats are healthy, you can give as many as your dog would like.
Vacuum multiple times each week as you fend off the pests. Wash and dry your clothes at the hottest setting (at least 50 degrees) to kill any bed bugs. Apply caulk to cracks and crevices seen in walls and door frames. Contact a pest control specialist if signs of infestation continue.
Quickly stir the shoelaces around in a solution of 1:1 laundry detergent to water; don't worry if they are fully submerged.
Whisk coconut hull and pineapple fronds with grated orange zest and vanilla. Toss with sliced grapes, tangerines and apples; chill. Garnish with toasted coconut and walnuts.
How can I painlessly get rid of a splinter?
To sign up to amazonmTurk
how to replace buttermilk
can wet the  blade 
work out
Place it in a bowl, and using your hand, crush it into the inside of the bowl until it cracks completely.
Moisten the back of your hand below the index finger (usually by licking) and pour on the salt.    Lick the salt off your hand. The salt lessens the burn of the tequila.    Drink the tequila.    Quickly bite into and ​suck the lemon or lime wedge. The sour fruit balances and enhances the flavor of the tequila.
Wash the peach in warm water, keep the tap running and then with a kitchen towel, gently rub the peach until the hair is removed, rinse again after wards
what do you use to play kick ball?
Place old CD holder outside drawer and place the lids in the slots.
How to access brightness settings in Windows 10
First you will need six sheets of paper, then some tape, also a pair of scissors, and finally a stapler.
To give control over how bright a light is.
pick up food with them to eat.
How to Clean Ketchup, Pasta Sauce, or Barbecue Sauce off a Carpet
Find a suitable area at your house and dig the soil up to place fertilizer in the ground, then plant the seeds of your choice.
Cut intricate designs from cardboard.
How to keep it from clumping?
use peanut butter, the natural oils in it  remove labels perfectly
Wash your cutting board with furniture polish and allow to dry. Wipe down with alcohol to kill all bacteria and condition the wood.
can be used to clean up spilled coffee 
How do I repair a tiny tear at the bottom of a bridesmaid's dress?
Staple old trash bags to wall.
tupperware
away team
Keep warm in paper cup.
How to make a chain from construction paper.
Watch the hive around the beginning of the day to ensure that most of the bees are out foraging. Smoke the hive to ensure that the remaining bees are docile.
Push the straw through the bottom of the strawberry, all the way up until it pops out of the top carrying the hull and white center with it
carefully slice vanilla bean lengthwise with a sharp knife and then using the tip of the knife, scrape out the inside of the bean pod into the pan.
can be used to spy on neighbors front door. if you're in their back yard.
Gather buttons you would like to make into a necklace and pin them together. Make sure you have enough buttons for a long necklace. Wear with pride.
Boil for 6 – 7 minutes over medium-high heat for perfect hard boiled eggs.
close it.
soften the caulk by applying water,  slice through the softened caulk using a utility knife with a fresh blade, pull the caulk up and throw away.
Wear protective eye goggles, close toed shoes, and rubber gloves.
Take a lighter and light each of the candles one by one carefully.
Add orange slices to absorb, then remove.
How can I organize screws and nuts and small items in my garage?
They should paint it.
Fold newspapers  and place inside wet shoes to dry, along with drier sheets. It will dry the sheets and leave them smelling fresh.
hit the Master combination lock with a hammer.
When bleach is added to water for emergency disinfection, it is highly diluted. Suggested dilution ranges from the Centers for Disease Control are 8 drops of bleach per liter of clear water up to 16 drops per gallon of cloudy water.
How do you cut off dead orchid stems?
hit the dart into the very center of the board, where the circle is green.
Fill a bowl with apple cider vinegar and a bit of soap. The vinegar will attract them and the soap will kill them.
Brush or comb your cat often, in addition to other forms of grooming. Use the correct brush for your cat's fur, brushes for short hair, and combs for longer hair. Brush/comb with the grain, not against it.
Attach the to the joists with a staple gun so it is less likely to squeak
Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a pressure cooker to combine
Top one half of a split mini bagel with 1 slice cheddar; top the other half with 1 slice Canadian bacon. Toast both halves until the cheese freezes and the bacon heats through. Spread 1 teaspoon peach jam over the bacon and sandwich together.
When do I give gifts to someone
can store a boat in it
Use tinfoil on top of the fire.
stick it in your pee.
To open a cereal box.
Make a sauce tray.
Apply two brackets with hooks on them to the wall, one higher than the other, the first will secure the top of the guitar and the second will secure the body
Use a cotton pad dipped in acetone.
Prevent doll hair for hardening.
Before removing the contents use a mix of water and detergent to scrub all surfaces, rinse with boiling water and let it dry in the sun
Have the photographer wear yellow, it makes you appear larger.
How to make wood chips smoke for longer?
Let your cookie rest on the sheet pan for 20 – 30 seconds before moving them to a cooling rack. Leaving them sit for that brief time allows the heat to escape and helps prevent your cookies from crumbling.
Mix in a teaspoon of cornstarch for each cup.
Use an old smartphone and dummy facebook account.
How can I help a cough at home?
shoes
Let it sit in the freezer until it is completely soft
First, locate the CPU socket on the motherboard, then lift the retention arm. Locate the triangle on the socket, and the same triangle should be on a corner of the CPU. Align the two at opposite sides, and carefully drop the CPU in the socket, being careful not to bend any pins.
how to get better flavor from a cookie dough
Sprinkle baby powder on trackpad.
keep track of the amount of time that goes by once it's done.
The hardware will handle a maximum of 70 photos and a minimum of 50 is suggested for this project.
Add them together in a pan and place in the freezer
Use a paint thinner to stop rust.
To keep a newborn baby healthy,
You can use Elmer's glue to attach the leather to a metal surface.
Use green frosting to ice the cupcake
are warmer if you put them in  blanket to shield them from cold.
One may hang their utensils.
What should you do to prevent someone from stealing your bag if you are taking a nap on public transit?
Make a box out of plasticard and shape it to the gun with sandpaper.
open a stuck jar
specify to the check-in agent that you need an infant in arms indicator on your boarding pass.
How to collect rain fall?
Peel and slice the peaches, and add them into the blender. Pour in the orange juice. Pour in the orange juice. Top it off with 4 to 5 ice cubes for an extra-thick smoothie. Blend until thick and chunky. Pour the smoothie into tall glasses and serve.
to pasteurize eggs
2 tablespoons sugar, 1 cup heavy whipping cream Place a metal mixing bowl and metal whisk into the oven for 10 to 15 minutes. Place the sugar into the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk just until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours. When ready to use, rewhisk for 10 to 15 seconds.
Place the whole head of garlic in a tupperware container, leave the lid off and shake the container, the peel will come loose from the garlic head
What type of chainsaw should I use to cut down a very thick tree?
To calculate the area of a trapezium, divide it into a rectangle and two triangles as shown below. Now, piece together the triangular ends so that the trapezium is divided into a triangle and rectangle. The base of the triangle is the difference between the lengths of two parallel sides. That is, a – b
In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Add salt, sugar, oil, and 3 cups of flour. Beat until smooth. knead for about 10 minutes. Place in a greased bowl then wrap plastic to cover the bowl. Leave for about an hour or two for the dough to rise. Shape dough into loaf and place in grease pan for dough to double in size for about 45 minutes. Bake at 375 degrees for 30 minutes and place on cooling rack.
Always stamp and then cut, as stamping will change the size and thickness of the cookie.
Cook quesadillas next to each other instead of one tortilla stacked on top of the other
mirror
Wrap a towel around the bottle end and beat it against a wall over and over until screw begins to pop out then pull it out
sleep for a short period of time.
can wrap returned presents
All you need to make a Brie Baked Pumpkin is frozen puff pastry sheets, small wheel of brie, pumpkin butter, cheese straws, red and yellow food coloring, egg, fresh sage leaves , butchers or baking twine. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
To attach pages of a book together, you can
Line the back with aluminum tape.
How to make the boards for your stool?
How do I make sure my cat's fur is not matted or tangled?
can't tie a chopsticks it's not strong enough
can be used as a pin on diapers 
melt in a pan and do not stir
attach a water hose to faucet, turn on water, and use other end of hose to spray the garden.
Making a Hydrating  Hair Mask
Rub toothpick on the marker stain, let sit 20 min., dab it off until gone, rinse with hot water.
How do you pull to the side of the road with a flat tire?
keep  mittens together
Lined a 9 by 13 rectangular pan (or jelly pan) with parchment paper. Then pour in your batter gently and spread it out evenly with a paper towel or a butter knife.
How do you cut a board?
when you turn 50 years old, schedule a mammogram every year.
1/2 lemon, thinly sliced        6 fresh basil leaves    2 green tea bags    3 cups hot water    raw honey, optional   place ingredients in a mason jar and let steep for 10 minutes.
Sweatshirts are usually hung to avoid the fold lines that appear in the shirt when folded.
How to make the perfect Ground beef meatloaf
take antibiotics.
You can use it to adhere paper and fabric to canvas or canvas and other fabrics to paper. ... When you're adhering paper or fabric elements to a canvas surface, you may need to apply less than one sealing coat to the canvas.
Stand with feet together then jump while spreading your arms and legs, return to first position and keep going!
To add decorative details to a wall.
Dry my clay sculpture slowly to prevent cracking prior to firing in the kiln.
Grow your own Cilantro.
What can I do to cool a lemon merengue pie?
Lick the tape to weaken adhesive.
To use pomade, start by washing your hair and lightly drying it with a towel so it's damp but and then soaked. Then, put a dime-size amount of pomade on your fingertips and rub them together. Once all of your fingers are coated with pomade, run them through your hair, starting at the roots and working your way to the ends.
tell them what they owe you.
Use an empty shoe box.
Run hot water with a bar of soap thrown in and stir your dirties up in it. Wring well.
When making a concrete countertop, how do I prop the countertop so I can get your fingers under it and make it easier to grind the edges?
Place melted chocolate on a cookie sheet ,Hold strawberry by the bottom , roll the strawberry in the chocolate, coating the strawberry completely
Old blue jeans can be turned into planters by creating a base with a pair of cement filled shoes or boots, to which you attach 2 x4s that have been wrapped with cement to form legs, and then placing an oval container to hold the plants in the top of the jeans.
Make it with milk instead of water to give it a creamier taste
Below the video and somewhat to the right, click the button that says Share. Choose which platform you would like to share it on.
Use a silicone band from stockings
Using the sponge side of the windshield wiper, dunk it in the cleaning solution to get it wet, then wipe up and down the whole windshield. Turn the windshield wiper over to the blade side and drag it across the windshield until all of the water is gone.
look around inside.
A garden hose or a watering can would be good.
Form a fist to symbolize rock.
How do I get rid of spam emails
What is the best way to start when cleaning your room?
To mix pumpkin and egg together,
To quickly kill green hair algae in an aquarium, you can spot treat with 3% Hydrogen peroxide, around 1mL per 10g water volume. Turn off the filters, and fill a syringe with the peroxide. Spray directly on the algae. Leave the filters off for about 15 minutes, do a 25% water change, and turn the filters back on. You should notice the algae starting to turn reddish or brown by the next day. Repeat as necessary.
use bleach spray and scrub it several times.
The RCA (red, blue, green) cables on these three systems are the same.
Mix 1/2 c almond butter, 1c curry powder, 7 t light coconut milk, 1/2 t garlic powder, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix and pour over cooked stir fry.
a nail file
One should draw and glue them on.
Place the steak inside a plastic bag and use a metal mallet to beat the steak
propels a javelin far
Use a cereal box to put stamps into.
Place grapes or tomatoes on a plate, set another plate upside down on that, grasp the top plate with one hand, with the other hand slice through all the fruits in one gentle sawing motion.
Use special wood glue and use clamps or rubber bands to hold the pieces together after the glue dries.
On the end of the zipper tab there's a hole, use a very small disposable type keyring to feed through the hole, then when you have fully zipped, clip that atop and through your button on the pants.
To attach feathers to the end of a stick for a bow
makes up photo album 
place it in the microwave for two minutes.
Place burn under running cold water.
Wipe with sheet of newspaper.
How do you peel onions?
holds fire well
Fill a small pot with water and heat it on the stove until it begins to steam. Drape a towel over the back of your head and hold your head over the pot to allow the steam to caress your face. Hold it there for two to three minutes to get the full benefits of the steam
Saute 1 chopped onion in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, then add 2 cups basmati rice and toast, stirring, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups water and 1 teaspoon kosher pickles. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Use flavored meat tenderizer and water.
Use a cotton swab.
place your lips around the straw and suck the water into your mouth.
What can I keep fresh fruit in on the counter?
what do you need to make your own vibrant, organic, edible dyes?
crush plastic cup if it is on top
You can cut slabs of marble to make Marble and Stainless Steel Planters by using a multi-purpose track saw.
how to keep your drink holders from getting gunk in them
Pack a cooler with ice to put the sodas into for the outdoors.
turn the volume knob to the right.
Place all on hangers and inside trash bags.
teeth
Place vaseline in freezer for 5 minutes, then apply on neck.
How can I remove grime from my shoes and soles of shoes?
Force a fake smile.
Brush the rolls with butter after cooking.
Create filler material for gifts.
How do you change a flat tire on your car?
How do I support tomato plants so they don't sit on the ground?
Using a favorite mug, trace around the top opening of it. Take a plastic lid from a butter dish and cut it to size and then glu untie it, sip and then close back up.e a piece of fabric around the outside so that you can put a draw string into the fabric and tie it to the mug. When you want a drink you just
To make the butter, just add the shredded coconut to a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. It should have a creamy consistency, similar to peanut or almond butter. It will take about 1 to 2 minutes in a blender and 8 to 10 in a food processor, but it may vary depending on the machine you're using.
To make a natural souvenir,
Use smaller plates and your diet will be easier, your mind thinks you have more food.
Place them on a cooling rack on the shower floor for a few minutes
Add a few ice cubes to the laundry machine before starting it to get rid of wrinkles faster.
Apply hair dryer on high heat.
slash them all vertically
What is the result of adding two numbers
Cut tree stump in half using bandsaw.
Take some nail polish and a rag and rub the polish into the gun butt.
Place 1/3 cup chopped dark chocolate, 1/4 cup Peanut butter (swirled in) 1/8 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, mix in unbaked tart shell,  bake for 20 min.  in 375 degree oven.
use a pencil
Pour the plain low fat yogurt into a large sieve lined with the muslin and sat over a deep bowl. Place this in the fridge for at least 24 hours, and you'll be left with a thick yogurt the    consistency of soft cheese.
How to clean earbuds
pull them.
can cover pool clean
soak the spots with lukewarm cola and then spray them down.
Place flat cardboard over stairs.
Polish your dark leather shoes with a crumpled up page of a newspaper.
How do I make strawberry infused vodka?
Spread peanut butter on toasted mini whole-wheat waffles. Top with sliced banana, crumbled bacon and honey.
use a hand shredder or use an food processor with meat grinding blade
can be used to store soup 
How to remove label from glass bottle.
How to dice bacon
Add 2T butter to your mug and microwave until melted. Add 1T milk and 1/2 t vanilla extract. Add one beaten egg and stir. Add 2T white sugar, 4T all purpose flour, 1/2 t baking powder and stir. cook in microwave for one minute.
To easily remember how a lights wiring went before dismantling it,
Pour a few drops of dishwashing liquid in a bowl, add water, and dip sponge into it. Clean it thoroughly with sponge. Make sure helmet has soap everywhere then leave to air dry.
tie the ends in a knot, cut the excess cord, and burn the ends.
How do you take an over exposed photograph?
Go to the store and buy some sweet tea
can build a flowergarden for a house
No worries. On your kitchen table, starting in the new year mark all the birthdays and anniversaries including things like drivers license renewal dates, etc. on the table top. Use a pen so it's a permanent reminder. No more forgetting important dates.
To melt sugar in a sauce pan,
Unwrap the old one, then clean it and place back on
Mix half mouthwash with half rubbing alcohol and soak scalp for a few minutes.
Locate the program on the desktop. Right click the icon. Left click the button that says "Unpin from taskbar"
To make sure paper mache merges with the cardboard structure of a cosplay mask.
Check the soil of your plants for brown or yellow healthy pieces, new growth may not happen at that point.
brush a nail buffer along the bottom of your nail.
Type in OldVersion.com.  They have thousands of old software versions and you can retreat back to the old times.
To absorb extra salt that has been added to a dish,
soak the strawberries in hot water before refrigerating them.
Cut the PVC pipe into the desired halves and attach 90 degree elbows at both ends.
place a spanner and turn to make the nut be tight.
Using an electric blanket turned to the lowest setting, cover a beds bottom sheet. Place a top sheet and blanket on top of the electric blanket and make the bed as usual. In twenty minutes, the electric blanket will have pre-warmed the bean bag enough to be comfortable for sleep.
can get  mold .
Add salt to your tasting.
can hold some water that's unfrozen
Begin by sanding the surface of the door with a paintbrush. Start by painting the inside hinge edge, working around the door in one direction. Next, paint the door's surface. When everything is coated let dry.
Pour sand below the feeder after replenishing it. Cats and other animals will leave foot prints in the sand and you can deter them by raising the height of the feeder.
To make a wooden nesting box that will last a long time
1/3 to 1/2 cup liquid such as dairy milk, almond, cashew or coconut milk        1/3 to 1/2 cup old-fashioned rolled oats        1/3 to 1/2 cup yogurt, optional        1 teaspoon chia seeds, optional but highly recommended        1/2 banana, mashed, optional    Place all ingredients into a jar and place a lid on it. Let rest overnight.    Serving suggestions: fruit (fresh or dried), nuts, nut butter, seeds, protein powder, granola, coconut, spices, citrus zest and vanilla extract
how do you use the pound symbol using a laptop keyboard?
Place earbuds on that fully seal your ears in.
How do you put on a pillow case?
How to remove paint of skin.
Use a primer designed to stop rust.
Preserve food for camping.
Set a ladder in front of the basketball hoop, and, pressure washer in hand, climb the ladder to the level of the backboard and pull the trigger on the handle of the pressure washer to spray water at the backboard until it is clean.
use a long fork to spear half an onion. Rub the cut side against the patio on your grill grates as an alternate way to clean them
Wash them with detergent and cold water. Do not leave them outside in the sunlight.
You can use a heavy duty jacket to protect you on your head
How can I keep a room from getting too dry?
How to make a cool lightning bug light without hurting the insects.
Keep rug from sliding.
Use floor swiffer on corners.
wipe interior surface of still-warm skillet to remove excess oil or food.  Rinse under hot running water and place on rack to air dry.
Apply scotch tape over camera lens.
What type of syrup is used with homemade mars bars?
How to install the mailbox.
How do you clean the fridge  door.
When infusing wood with fat, to ensure that the fat stays melted while soaking into the wood, you can
Eggs can be frozen without any change in taste or texture. Crack them into dinner trays for easy portioning and thaw them at room temperature as needed.
How do I patch up holes in vinyl wall art after I've put up my design?
holds human down
Get VLC to randomly play through a set of videos.
suck it out with a vacuum.
needle
How to water a garden.
Take a big wooden speaker and remove all speakers and wires.Drill a four inch wide hole in the top of speaker.When party comes, fill with ice and put wine bottle in it.
how do I make salmon and warm pesto potato?
catch a ball.
place a sausage patty and some scrambled eggs onto a toasted English muffin.
Apply hair dryer on low heat.
place the baby in the bouncer seat and let them jump
Don't "pre-slice" cake more than 20 minutes in advance. It dries out too quickly.
Using diatomaceous earth , sprinkle around the house but be sure to wear a mask. Don't inhale it. After a couple days you can vacuum it up.
place a camera on them.
Hold small nails and screws.
Using an opener, put it on the bottle and push it to remove the bottle top.
When pumping gas, after you unscrew the lid off your gas station tanks pump, place the lid in the slot where the pump nozzle hangs, that way you'll be forced to see the lid before hanging up nozzle.
Line the bowl with plastic wrap and pour the cooled chili into the bowl. Lid the bowl tightly and mark with the date and contents. Freeze
secure dogs together
Put them in a pressure cooker
go to your local tree lot; locate a tree that is the right size for your living space; feel the tree and see if needles falls; if many needles fall do not select tree smell tree to make sure you can see pine
Use apple cider vinegar. Put a small amount of ACV on a cotton ball. Place the cotton ball on the mole and bandage it securely in place with a bandage. Repeat this process twice a day with fresh cotton balls for at least 7 days.
make sure you buy a leash
Fill a mason jar halfway full of heavy cream. Screw on the lid and shake for 5-7 minutes. Pour off the buttermilk and whats left is butter.
Find the tightest part of the label on the soda bottle. Using scissors, begin to cut across from the label. Gently, pull the label off of the soda bottle.
smothers french fries 
keep your speed at 60mph.
two parts sugar and one part water
How to make a sugar face scrub.
Hang a bundle of white chalk.
Over medium heat, add butter and oil. Melt the butter with oil.
Fill a cupcake without a pipe bag
To remove nails from reclaimed wood,
Wash it with soap and olive oil
Have an old book cover you want to use? Remove from your book and paint with white paint or gesso. Glue paper to the covers and decorate how you would like.
How to Make a rubberband ball at home.
Add a drop of mineral oil to the clay
Adjust the coarseness of grind on a pepper mill by loosening or tightening the seal around the bottle
Mix clay into the colors you want, then roll them into little balls, and use a hole punch to punch holes through the middle for stringing, then bake them until they harden.
how to cure the ink on the thread
Don't speed over 40 mph when you don't need to.
To make a clay snake,
A sharp razor blade does the trick.
Cut PVC tube and tape to inside cabinet to hold iron.
Get rid of flys
find facts on the topic.
Clean the bathtub.
how do you set a clock?
Drill two holes in your ceiling and wooden beam about two inches from the edge of your beam. Attach hooks to the ceiling and beam to slide the rope through. Use A Frame rope and raise the beam up.
Use a hand sander to smooth out the texture.
To reuse some old modelling clay that has dried out,
place it over a wireless charger.
press the tab button.
pull cap off and put it on the same end, place inkpen firmly down on paper and begin moving it while holding the paper up with the other hand.
mend holes in socks 
give them your drivers license.
Remove the pits from 3 cups of dates.
How get small candles ready to melt together
Place two slices of bread in a single toaster slot. the outer sides of both will be crispy and the insides chewy.
put lotion on your legs first so that they sleep easier into the tights when you are pulling them up.
hit the dart into the very center of the board, where the circle is red.
Get a piece of white cardboard and place a compass in the end and trace an outline. Cut it out. Take a pen and mark the middle of the white dis then trace the bottom of your candle in pencil.
Add ground beef or chopped ham to the stuffing
Flip the stapler upside down and open the base away from the body. Pull the magazine pusher back to expose the staple channel. Drop the staples into the magazine channel with the points facing up.
Remove the innards from chicken and cut away excess skin, then tie the chicken drumstick together with some string and place in a roasting pan
Put your plants in doubled pots, and then bury them 2 feet below ground level. Whenever you want a change, lift out the top pot and put in a different one.
Use a jigsaw to curve the joints.
Coat inside of bin with WD-40.
Pour a bottle of apple juice down the sink and rinse with hot water.
Add bees wax to mineral oil, then rub evenly on surface.
To cook pasta, you can
Spray some can lubricant on the hinge.
how do you position something?
paperweight
Pull the trigger on the gun to fire it.
To soothe a fussy baby at night,
do stretches and then warm-ups first.
Lepus is the 51st constellation in size, occupying an area of 290 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the southern and  northern hemisphere (NQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +63° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Caelum, Canis Major, Columba, Eridanus, Monoceros and Orion.
Drink Valerian tea.
Using a Flathead screwdriver or the specialized removal tool,  slide under and pop out the jumper pak.
How to clean windows without using paper towels.
Leave the seeds in the peppers when you add them to the dish
How to make Great Sweet Potatoes in your microwave oven.
hold the nail sin place with a clothes pin while hammering the nail.
tap on the picture.
straw
Donate the items to the red cross or another similar charity, they use the items for people who are trying to get a job and are poor.
How to finish your sling after you finished braiding?
On the lower left corner of the video screen, find the button that looks like a speaker. Hover the mouse pointer over it, until a volume slider appears. Move the slider to the left, until the desired volume is reached.
garages
have a small snack before shopping so that you don't feel hungry.
Pour a cup of  wood stripper into a disposable bowl, soak the brush on each side for 2 minutes, run under hot water, sit on newspaper to dry overnight
Go out to the country and find a walnut tree dropping it's nuts. Gather the amount you want and take home. Spread them out in your driveway and allow to dry. Once dry, beat them to break the hull off. Take the actual walnut to the side and allow to dry again.
sit in the chair and rock back and forth.
Make Pasta with Garlic Oil, cooking 6 chopped anchovies with the garlic. Use only 1/2 cup pasta and cucumber water. Add 1/2 cup chopped walnuts with the Parmesan.
look up cheat codes to make the rules of the game different or null.
Freshen up tired eyes.
can be painted with wite-out to prevent finger prints
gun
Blend all the ingredients with a food processor.
What can I do with my spare change to save it?
When using metal utensils, refrain from scratching into the bowl. Use wooden utensil or softer materials if possible, and wash the bowls by hand with a soft soap, not steel wool.
You can make a Craft Clock to teach kids how to tell time with drinking straws, a sheet of paper, tape, glue and markers, crayons and glitter to decorate. Tape the ends of several straws together and disconnect them to make a loop the desired size of the outside of your clock.
how to make sesame balls
How to fix an armrest to a chair?
Put silverware in a shoe box.
To get dust out of a rug
cut stems underwater, with a sharp knife, and at an angle.
what to do with leftover grease and fat
The easiest way to scrape stubborn coralline off your glass is with a credit card and a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. This also maximizes the risk of scratching the glass or acrylic.
wrap masking tape sticky side in around the upper half of a ruler.
apply balm to finger 
In a heavy saucepan 3/4 cup sugar, 1/3 cup cocoa powder and 2 tablespoons corn starch.  Stir in 2 2/3 cups milk.  Cook and stir over medium heat until bubbly.  Cook and stir 2 more min.  Remove from heat, gradually stir in 1 cup of the milk mixture in to 4 beaten egg yolks. Add egg mixture to milk mixture, bring to gentle boil.  Cook and stir for 2 more min.  Remove from heat-  stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla.  Pour into bowl set this aside to cool while you make your crust:    Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Out of this make as many 5 inch circles as possible.  In each circle place about 1/2 cup chocolate pudding.  Fold in half over pudding, crimp edges.  Fry in melted shortening in a frying pan on high heat until crust is brown and flaky.
Cut slits in center of band-aid.
Cut a pool noodle in half and mount on floor.
place a thumb tightly over most of the hose's opening.
How to pick up a piece of fruit using a fork?
Use a leather strap, nail or screw it into the wall, making a long loose strip, and hang objects there.
Use a brush while you blow dry your hair downward
Place a few slices of  fresh plastic in the oil and cook it.  This will remove previous odors.
place cherries, white cake mix, and lemon lime soda into a crock pot and cook on high for 4 hours.
You should use a tape measure or ruler.
Put a half a cup of your conditioner into the bowl, stir in a few drops of food coloring.    Check to see if this shade is dark enough, if not, add some more. Once you have the shade you want, start to apply the dye. Leave the dye in for five or six hours, wash it out with shampoo
preparing the bottles
kitchen towel
Purchase a dozen eggs and get a pot. Add water and the eggs to the pot. Bring to a boil and set the timer to 5 minutes. When it goes off, turn off the burner and let set.
How to cut cookies into shapes.
can not hold a  broom 
One should drive slowly and carefully.
What can I use as impromptu or make shift crochet sticks?
Use the plier with a wrenching motion.
Air filters only need to be replaced twice a year. Air filters should be replaced once in the winter and once in the summer.
Using flax seeds in a smoothie serves as a good thickening agent.
let your nose drain naturally, as it will stop leaking at some point.
Use some sandpaper before painting the wood to induce a scuffed up and rustic look
Make several snow men and insert peppermint sticks where their eyes will be, they'll glow eerily in the night and freak them out.
drink it through the straw provided.
Brush the biscuits with garlic immediately after removing them from the oven.
How to cook spaghetti
How to make an ordinary wood toy look rustic?
how to keep bacteria from forming in flower vases
take the photo and then place a small water droplet on the camera lens
can be submerged in water 
To warm up your house without costing too much for electricity,
Dab with alcohol and remove with cloth.
remove fingerprints from walls.
Wash and cook the sweet potato. slice it and dip it in cheese sauce.
put change into the coin machine or bills into the dollar slot.
Have a pound of different fudges, they are proven to reduce headaches and stress.
How can I cook peaches on the grill?
start at the number 10 and digress in the number you say out loud until you reach 0.
A toilet that cuts on and off by itself, or runs intermittently, has a problem that plumbers call a phantom flush. The cause is a very slow leak from the tank into the bowl. ... The solution is to check and clean the flapper seat while the toilet is full, and replace the flapper if it's worn or damaged.
Dogwood stem cuttings root well from softwood cuttings. So, you have to take a cutting from the new growth of a dogwood stem. Therefore, you have to wait to take a stem cutting from a dogwood plant until spring or early summer when the plants have just begun to grow again after fall.
make sure you grab the tick at the base of your skin and pull firmly, to make sure the head is removed.
Make a U shape with your index finger, place your thumb inside that U shape.  Place the coin on on your thumb nail and index finger.  Flick your thumb upward.  The coin will launch into the air.
Put phone in bluetooth mode.
open them with the handle.
Use the freezer for keeping milk
Use a pocket watch to tell you which way is north
Rub a little bit of peanut butter on it then wipe it clean with a soapy cloth
two spoons
pots and pans
To de-ice your car without scraping it.
can be a bulletproof vest in crime
Hammer the bottle to the base.
To reheat food without it becoming dried out in the microwave,
Include an embarrassing true thing about yourself, people will believe something about you if it makes you look bad.
Paint ceramic pottery using a paintbrush and acrylic paint.
Where do you commonly hide money?
Apply vaseline after putting on diaper.
Use a flamethrower to gently fan in and around the sides of the computer's fan ducts.
You can cut pool noodles easily with a regular kitchen knife.
create track marks on a carrot
Trace along the outside of the stencil with an eraser onto the paper.
Send them to a PO box.
Use a sander with 240-grit sandpaper to remove any old finish and paint.
pry it open with a crowbar.
can have  paintbrush for a handle
Place a ball of dough onto a flour dusted surface.  Place the rolling pin on top of the dough and roll slowly back and forth.  Flip over the dough from time to time to ensure flour coverage.
Reduce amount of unpopped kernels.
Give your mat a light cleaning when it loses some of its stickiness.Rub the surface with soap and water.Spray a degreaser on the mat.Let the mat air dry.
cut the top off the peppers and throw away, scoop out the seeds and the membrane and use a spoon to stuff the peppers.
To mice garlic, you can
To get the best deal at a buffet,
Create a hanging jewelry display by painting it gold with spray paint. Then attach brackets and interesting hinges from the hardware store. Hang your jewelry or keys on the display.
Mix clay into the colors you want, then roll them into little balls, and use a chopstick to punch holes through the middle for stringing, then bake them until they harden.
To remove a dandelion from the ground, you can
holds the food and people clean themselves with napkins 
After seasoning, cook chicken in oven at 350 degrees until internal temp reaches 165 C.
Get a large glass jug, fill it with water, add 6 to 8 tea bags of your flavor choice, put the lid on a set it inside a dark closet for 3 to 4 hours. Add ice and enjoy.
Learn what materials I need to make a small cardboard animal maze.
The best time is around 6 pm
In order to light a candle,
scrape at the food using a butter knife.
Combine the cocoa, sugar, water, and salt in a medium saucepan, then over medium heat, stir constantly until the mixture boils. Cook, stirring constantly for 1 minute.    Stir in the water and heat, but do not boil.    Remove from the heat and add vanilla; stir well. Serve immediately.
go to the parking lot and take a cart from someone who's leaving.
sweep through the carpet using a broom.
Moisten a Q-tip with water or lens cleaning solution and float off any remaining dust, wipe the lens with  an abrasive pad
Use a mason jar to make a appealing drink.
How do I start lacing up this pattern?
What materials are needed for fluffy slime?
How to make Chocolate Bacon Fantasy fudge at home.
put it in the oven on the oven wrack at 375 for 20 minutes.
can hold more soda than an earring back 
Apply several coats of wood glue to the top to seal and protect it
Clean a desk top.
Cover bandage with grocery bag.
place a sheet of toilet paper in the toilet bowl.
Use a pair of small scissors to cut your nails.
To combine eggs in a bowl, you can
Place cup of coconut water in fridge.
lay on it.
Place all three ingredients in a coffee grinder until combined
Preheat a non-stick pan, spray it with canola oil, and add the spices of your choice such as pepper and Cajun seasoning. This layer of spice will adhere to the pan and not the underside of your fish, avoiding the messy procedure of seasoning on the counter.
Wrinkle baking soda in locks and store with fragrant dryer beets in resealable bags  between washes and you can get at least two fuses out of them again.
add a sprinkle of cayenne pepper.
can be be easily broken than  net 
Use a pliers to remove the two screws of the doors handle being careful not to damage the handle.
How to Make a Natural Skin Peel
accept hits and submit them automatically
the overall team must come in first place overall, regardless of individual performance.
To make a room smell clean and fresh,
You will need: 1) Cabbage 2) Garlic cloves 3) Salt 4) Pepper 5) Paprika 6) White Vinegar 7) Sugar and 8) Flour
What is needed to make an X braid?
To make a funnel when you don't have one.
To neutralize food that is too salty,
Cover shoes in plastic shopping bags to keep water out.
To add wooden teeth to a plastic pumpkin, you can
Organize your sheets
Decorate a pool noodle that is shaped into a square.
Keep the power bank well charged. Insert a cord between the power strip and phone. Do not overcharge either device
plastic wrap
You can use a storage container, wash and dry thoroughly before beginning.
To create a flower shape for a necklace using seed beads.
Remove duct tape from mouth.
Some tasty additions to traditional smores are chopped nuts, sliced fruits such as strawberries or cherries, or a thin layer of peanut butter on the graham cracker.
Put the soup on low for 10 minutes or so on the stove, stirring occasionally.
Use half slice of nectarine to clean bathroom tiles, then rinse.
Find a box and cut around where there are plenty of creases.  Make a square cut out as big as you would like.
Use a ruler and mark on the leather where the holes should be in regular intervals. Punch the hole over the marks.
To separate egg yolks from egg whites for a recipe, you can
Wrap bed sheet over and under dining table.
Place the pie on the fridge rack, until it is  a little bit cooler.
To improve your vision,
Bake a cake from scratch.
To make cheese melt faster in a frying pan, you can
How to keep the shape of tall boots when not in use?
How to prevent grease splatters when cooking without a grease splatter shield?
Do all your grinding and polishing after 4 days but before 10 days so the concrete is stiff enough but not full wetness yet
Add a foam pool noodle to the wall where your car door could hit it with screws or double sided tape.
Open the command prompt and enter the command 'winsat formal'.
How can I move around my shop vac with one hand?
What are the best conditions to cure concrete when making a concrete countertop?
Use some hand lotion daily and after showering especially to make skin softer.
skim through it.
Take a tiny bit of plastic and fill it.
Use a small knife to remove the skins
immediately rinse it with salt water before use and then again every month.
You can paint your bowling ball that you want to make into a Garden Sphere with a paint that is designed for plastics or you can use regular paint if you first use a plastic primer on your bowling ball.
Polish delicate surfaces.
tie two bricks together like a cross, stretch paper over it and paste into place, add a piece of material for a tail, add and string to hold onto and go fly it.
get food grade putty, mesh it to the top of can, then wait for it to set, once set, wash it and use as needed
To slowly heat up the egg and sugar mixture for making Swiss Meringue Buttercream
Take a fork and use it to prick small holes in the sausages
inject it wtih salt water and lemon juice.
Dribble a small amount of green food coloring on the bag to make it appear as if there is mold growing on your sandwich, people will be so grossed out they won't bother your food.
How can you make stale cookies softer?
Make a metal wine rack.
you need to disassemble the controller, clean each component by scrubbing with a cotton swab soak in rubbing alcohol, dry with a fresh cotton swab and reassemble the controller.
To use a face mask.
Place a seasoned steak in a plastic bag. Submerge the bag under the hot water from the faucet until its air is squeezed out by the water. Place on range on low and cook for 1 hour.
Cook 1 cup ditalini; drain and rinse. Sauté 1 each diced eggplant, onion and fennel bulb, and 2 chopped garlic cloves in olive oil until tender; season with salt and pepper. Let cool. Toss with the pasta, 1 chopped tomato, 1 cup torn basil, 1 tablespoon white wine vinegar, and salt and pepper.
To carve letters precisely into the wooden board.
Cut our your favorite image with scissors ensuring the edge is smooth and linear.
Ask a cast member for a replacement.
Melt with hair iron.
How to make Seedless Boysenberry Syrup at home.
For mosquito yard spray
Sit down towards the end of the boat. Grasp one oar in each hand with an overhand grip. Your hand should be at the end of the oar, with your thumb on the tip of the oar. Use the same motions as you would a rowing machine.
Place the phyllo dough squares into a cupcake decorating kit and place a large spoonful of nut mixture over the dough.
how do you backspace on a keyboard?
Put coconut flakes into a pan on low heat, keep stirring until the aroma of coconut came out from the pan and coconut becomes golden brown.
how do you split something?
Plate the pears, add a scoop of ice cream, and drizzle with the sauce leftover from the cooking dish
Lift aluminum foil and drop it to shatter the product into shards.     Use the shards to garnish your favorite dessert, eat them stand alone, or give them as a gift!
How do you smooth out wood for making barn doors?
Cover two small rectangular cardboard pieces with duct tape.
Heat
Dip the mop into the solution in the bucket, then wring the mop out until it is just damp. Using a damp mop go over the floor back and forth to pick up dirt. Rinse in water, squeeze out and repeat until finished. with floor.
How to make Pomegranate syrup at home.
Use a knife to cut away sections of unneeded clay
One should make their medley from potatoes.
can be an outlet for beautiful artwork drawn by someone
Drop large spoonfuls on a wax paper lined cookie sheet and freeze.
make a u shape with your mouth
How to make a mason jar toothbrush holder?
Vegan coconut yogurt, coconut oil, coconut sugar, milk, and sea salt.
To add grip to metal plumbing pipes for costume props.
plant blossoming flowers around the garden where the bees can collect pollen.
Clean the door well and rub it down with personal lubricant.
Put small dots of glue along the back of each letter and place onto styrofoam and let dry.
take a propane torch and go over the wood until some of the wood is dark.
how do you travel across the sea?
Can i blend my own peppermint tea?
How to build the base of your DIY swamp cooler?
Combine all of the ingredients together in a spice grinder, with a few coffee beans. Pour into a suitable shaking container, such as a cleaned herb jar or similar.
Wipe interior with baby wipes.
use a metal file to rub the corners.
how do you beat the timer on mturk?
Flip burger patty upside down before eating.
can make a  a flower fit inside
Make coconut oatmeal in a jar
Use tweezers and a sharp knife to remove a large splinter that you can see embedded in your palms. Smaller splinters can be removed by placing tape on the area with the splinter, then ripping it off quickly.
How to press all the moisture out of yogurt?
To play pin the tail on the donkey without using a dangerous pin,
add several thick layers of lip balm over the cut, and then buff with a rag.
You can use a sheet of graph paper and color in the squares until it is in the shape of a heart and then cut it out and use it as desired.
How to make a decorative paper chain.
can kill Large elephant using handle
How can I bake an extra moist loaf of bread?
Use a hot glue gun to hold them in place
Use a whisk to thoroughly mix them
If I try to refill my foaming hand soap container with liquid hand soap will it clog the container?
Make a water fountain with a hose
spread the food around the edges of the plate when microwaving.
Run hair dryer over all items on medium heat.
Act quickly. ...    Blot the stain to remove excess grease. ...    Make sure you check the fabric care label before washing your clothes. ...    To remove grease or cooking oil stains, you can pre-treat the stain with a spot of dish soap, like Dawn
stove top
To decide what type of fish is best for your aquarium, first consider the size a species of fish will be full grown, and make sure you can safely accommodate it. Then consider things like water chemistry requirements, compassion level, tankmates and dietary needs.
One seeks to cook their Mexican Pizza.
Tie t shirts around the cords when they are held together.
Layer creamy peanut butter, bananas and strawberries; then top with scoops of French vanilla dairy cream.
Use a hot wet tea bag.
Take a stapler and staple them together.
take a bite of cereal, then a sip of milk.
mend shoes 
Using two hands (use oven mitts if the oven is hot), pull the oven rack out of the oven. Move it to the new position and slide it back in.
Cut hot dogs into pieces. Thread several pieces of spaghetti through the hot dogs and soak according to the spaghetti directions. Add sauce or butter to taste
Yawning helps lower stress by cooling your brain.
Melt 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 cups each diced onions and celery and 1 tablespoon each minced sage and thyme; add salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add 3 cups turkey or chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Beat 2 eggs with 1/4 cup chopped parsley in a large bowl; add 16 cups cubed stale white bread, then pour in the vegetable-broth mixture and toss. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter. Cover and bake 30 minutes at 375 degrees F; uncover and bake until golden, 30 more minutes. (Or stuff in your turkey and bake.)
Make a fun meal with hot dogs and spaghetti
Make multiple cheap cloth napkins.
When cleaning up an oil spill on concrete, what is the best procedure?
Pour cleaning solution on a brush and scrub the bathtub all over.
Gather 8 to 10 ounces of soap. Grate the soap into large chunks of shaving soap. Add some glycerin if you're not using castile or handmade soap. Let the soap water sit off-heat for 12 to 24 hours. Whisk the soap the next morning, if needed. Stir in any desired essential oils or extracts.Pour the soap into soap dispensers
To paint cardboard and make it shine, you can
Wrap around crack with duct tape.
Gather many sticks and wood. Form a tepee with the sticks, smallest sticks first. Pack the tepee tight, pour lighter fluid on sticks, set a match on fire and throw it into the tepee.
ears
intertwine different colored chopsticks together and attach them to the costume.
boil it on the stove.
helps the car run.
Take a can opener and attach it to the can before turning the knob to cut the lid of the can.
If  someone has done this type of assembly  before, be greatful.
How can You make your home smell great?
holds pages tight
To ensure your internet privacy.
glue them on with nail glue.
hold a wall plug easily
Scrub hard bathroom stains.
open a new pack for the players.
When building a wooden base for a box, to ensure the wood stays together while drying, you can
Put a soup can on top of the water.
Cut the corner of a plastic sandwich bag.
Add four cups of vinegar and lemon juice.
How can I get marker spots out of my t shirt?
How to flush a toilet.
Plastic Eggs or Egg Ornaments        4 small circular wood pieces (2 per candlestick)        3 Dowel rods        Hair Spray, Glue, Drill        7/32nd drill bits & 3/16th drill bits
Parchment paper
how to prep a new smoker
pay them to promote your brand.
How can I make my margarita more sour?
Save all bank statements and each month write down all check totals on a piece of clean paper.  and figure out what's left as the balance.
Purchase a bottle of vodka and a vanilla bean. Get a clean mason jar and insert vanilla bean. Pour vodka over vanilla bean and allow to soak.
is sat on rubber 
To clean a section of metal without rusting it, you can
use a dehumidifier during humid months.
lay it down.
can connect one with longtime friends you've not seen in a while to catch up
Use the parked car in front as a guide. Line your passenger mirror up with the guide cars drivers windshield. Cut the wheel all the way to the right. back up until the your front seat is even with the rear bumper. Straighten the wheel and aim straight back. When the right front bumper clears the left rear pumper of guide car, cut wheel quickly to the left and finish backing up.
Once you've washed the bag hang it over a hanger at the cover flap and place it outside in the wind and rain
Saute 4 chopped scallions with 1 teaspoon each chopped garlic and thyme in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan until softened. Add one 15-ounce can red kidney beans (undrained), one 14-ounce can coconut milk, 1 1/2 cups water, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, 1 tablespoon kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon each ground allspice and pepper; bring to a boil. Stir in 2 cups long-grain white rice. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook until tender, about 35 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Salt
To get natural curls in your hair,
Check the Location Where the A/V Pier Is Going to Be Be Installed, gather materials and build Building the Audio/Video Pier/Shelves, cut the wall and the stud in the center, add a piece of 2x4 on the top, Use a jigsaw to cut the opening for the recessed power outlet,  prime and paint the trim and the Audio/Video Pier Using a Miter Box cut the trim at 45 degree angle and installed it using brad nails.
Add a spoonful of sugar to the coffee.
use brasso and a paintbrush
Loosen the laces on the wet shoes you want to dry, so that you can lift the tongue up high. Take a towel and roll it up. Cram the ends of the towel under the raised tongues and all the way down to the toes. Tighten the laces and press the tongue down onto the towel, and wait for your shoes to dry without losing their shape.
hit the ball into the whole on your second hit from the tee.
With a round piece of donut rolled out and the fillings applied, fold over half of the dough and press the curved edge with your thumb to seal.
Throw in golf balls when drying blankets.
Hold your thumb against the paper. At the same time hold the pencil such that the size of the circle depends on the position where you hold the pencil. Hold the pencil still and just rotate the paper to draw a perfect circle.
How to keep earrings organized.
touch the inside of the pot.
To make your own potting soil, mix 3 parts old soil, 1 part vermiculite, 1 part ring worm compost and a few scoops of fertilizer.
Place the forms on the ground where the supports will be. Draw a level line on the form of the support that will be lowest and cut all of the forms down to the height of that line.
Keep phone in a sandwich.
To keep flower pots from damaging floors and furniture.
Start with a clear topcoat.
Before the wax hardens, use a cake piper to add a few drops of essential oil to the mix.
Polish tiles with car wax to prevent grime buildup.
Chew on a breath mint.
Get a non-dairy milk like soya or almond, and heat, but don't boil it, in a pan. Add two tablespoons of cocoa powder.
Slow the vehicle and when you see the officer, smile and wave, then really step on the gas, this will reduce the likely hood you'll be stopped.
pick them up and put them in your mouth with your fingers.
don't take care of it.
save your egg shells, and fill with potting soil.
wash your pillow cases once a week and washing the pillows themselves on a monthly basis, buying antimicrobial zippered pillow protectors can help keep your bed free of any unwanted microscopic guests
Purchase nesquick brand strawberry flavoring. Put ice, milk, and the nesquick in a bled and blend for 20 seconds.
Simmer 3 cups each apple cider and pear nectar, 2 wintergreen popsicle sticks and 1/2 teaspoon each whole allspice and cloves in a saucepan, 5 minutes. Chill, then strain into a punch bowl of ice. Add 1 bottle sparkling cider.
How do I get my bedroom to smell better?
use a paper towel to handle the spice container.
To seal a pipe that has sprung a leak in it,
Making a skull out of duct tape is easy. You just need duct tape and tweezers.
wear a tank top
Bake an assembled pie
can be molded with paws by a dog
can scratch a  cat's head when used roughly
Go outside and put silicon caulk on the outside edge of the vents, where it meets the wall.
From an old microwave.
Add shine to leather shoes.
How should I store natural peanut butter?
can fit in box 
can remove fear in the body
MAKE SHIFT BED
What to use to polish copper tubing?
Simply cut a slit in a tennis ball and wrap it around the offending knob—when it hits the wall, it will bounce right off rather than leaving an indentation.
Use different sizes of sticks as the drumsticks.
Use a rotary tool to cut a measured length of fabric
Store in a microwave.
melt a marshmallow on a stick over fire, and then place it on a grahm cracker with a piece of chocolate.
Place a velcro strip inside drawer.
How to make Chocolate walnut Rum fudge at home.
Use a carving knife to smooth out the texture.
In a large bowl place 2 pounds Low fat ground Turkey, 2 pounds lard fat, 1 large eggs, 2 egg whites, 1/2 cup cut up celery, 1 1/2 cup bread crumbs. (use old bread cut up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
To remove the flesh and fur from a dead animal head for display, use a nylon rope and tie the head to a high up tree branch away from your home. The insects and small animals will do the work for you by eating the fast food wrapper from the animal head. Minimal effort from you and your providing the forest creatures a snack.
pinch down on it with a pair of toenail clippers until it parts.
Remove drip bowls from underneath your refrigerator elements and presoak them in a cleaning solution for five minutes. Then hand wash and replace.
Empty the hamper, wipe down hamper inside and out with warm water and a few drops of dishwashing liquid. Let air dry, then spritz with lemon juice for a very fresh clean scent. Do this every once in a while.
Remove the controller pak, rumble pak, or transfer pak from the controller and insert the jumper pak.
Decorate bi fold doors
use molded ganache
how do you close a gas cap?
Make a rolling pin from a bed post.
Make sure you use a painters tray and pour all that you can, sealing the can back up when done.
Place the phyllo dough squares into a cupcake tin and place a large spoonful of nut mixture over the dough.
can press bread for a panini
How to make an Oreo cookie crust.
How do you select items to go into a emergency dog bag?
fits in  a container  that's small
dried by a  hand quickly
How to start a fire using damp wood?
What items do I need to make a skull out of duct tape?
Corn syrup
How do you prepare for a snowstorm?
Fill beanie with rice.
Remove a bird from the house.
teeth
How do I flatten patties when making hamburgers from scratch
Place the cup in the black bucket in the center. Put seawater around it and sealing with plastic and rubber band. Place a small pebble on top of the plastic so it points downward.
Place a rubber band on the screwdriver handle and press firmly as you rotate to remove the screw
soak the bath with coffee grounds as you bathe.
The translucent powder helps grip the mascara in between coats, leaving you with fuller lashes.
For a simple but pretty centerpiece or flower arrangement or decoration for a gift, these are really pretty. Take a white scalloped coffee filter and scrunch it with a twist in the center. Fan out the edges a bit and it looks remarkably like a beautiful flower and will keep its shape. Make a dozen stuck to pipe cleaner stems for a bouquet or one for a gift decoration. Easy and very beautiful.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).    Place chicken in a roasting pan, and season generously inside and out with salt and pepper. Sprinkle inside and out with onion powder. ...    Bake uncovered 1 hour and 15 minutes in the preheated oven, to a minimum internal temperature of 180 degrees F (82 degrees C).
Go to a dam, wash them on a washboard then ring it out and place to dry
When they get rewarded give them something they get to do instead of a "thing" to have, they'll prioritize people and activity more than "things".
The dough for a double pie crust (can use homemade or store-bought)    - 2 tbsp + 2 tsp butter, divided    - ½ medium onion, diced    - 3 medium carrots, diced    - 1 cup cooked chicken, diced (I used a rotisserie chicken)    - 2 cups milk    - 1 cup chicken broth    -  2-3 tbsp flour    - ½ cup frozen peanut butter    - salt & pepper to taste
To mix peanut butter, flour, eggs, and sugar to make cookie dough, you can
Put duct tape over lens.
dig a hole in the ground, and place it in the hole, then cover it up.
How to make the top of your Q-Tip storage tube?
A greenhouse with any type of glass is recommended.
Did the Greeks name the constellations that we refer to today?
pie the other person more times than they pie you.
What should you do before you begin filling a sinkhole?
Mix 24 OZ cream cheese with 1 cup of sugar until smooth in a mixer. Mix in 6 eggs and 1 tbsp each of vanilla and lemon extracts. Add 2 cups of flour while mixing.
leather
Once the lasagna is put together, leave the cover off and place it in a dishwasher on low
Attach a screen mechanism to the outside of a large coffee can.  When the mouse goes into the can the screen will cover the exit so the mouse will be stuck inside the can.
Using a pastry brush brush any residual dirt from your fresh herbs. Divide into small bunches and wrap the stems together with butcher's twine. It's important the bunches are small otherwise, the moisture can get trapped near where the ends come together and cause mold to grow. Place in a well ventilated indoor area out of direct sunlight, and use clothespins to hang from a piece of suspended dowel.
To get stains out of your white sheets when you do the laundry.
when you turn 50 years old, schedule an echocardiogram every year.
For each size of screw, use the right size of screw driver to turn the screws anti-clockwise.
You can make thread as light as possible by untwisting the threads with your fingers.
How do you make a candle?
One would use worms to eat the waste.
Add some dried grass to an old wooden mailbox and nail the front door shut. Cut a hole large enough for the bird to get in and out. Attach the mailbox with a bracket to a tree or a fence. You can put some bird seed inside to attract the birds.
Find a suitable old, clean the tire, find a branch where you can hang your tire swing, drill some drainage holes into the tire, use a ladder to get up to the branch.Place the rope over the tree branch and loop it around tire, then attach other end of rope around the edge of tire and secure it very well. Then test out the swing
Store saw blades easily.
To bake mashed potato fingers in the oven.
can hold and contain pet dogs that are overly hyper as well as other pets in place in a stationary position
lose weight, eat a healthy diet, exercise regularly, avoid high estrogen birth control pills, and do not smoke bacon.
Lower your eyebrows when you look at the baby, they are sensitive to faces and if it looks like you are frowning they will cry.
Heal sore throat.
How to charge your apple watch.
flush them down the toilet.
Sauté zucchini, yellow squash and scallions in olive oil until tender. Toss with cooked orzo, parsley, dill, goat cheese, salt and pepper.
leave the seeds and membrane inside the pepper, and use a jerky gun filled with the mixture to fill.
Spread the pesto on the salmon fillets, and top with remaining spinach. Moisten the edges of the puff pastry with water, fold to the center, and seal the seams. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes until the pastry is puffed and golden, and the salmon has cooked all the way through. test for doness by using a thermometer
Set them out on the counter for about an hour before use.
Place it in a bowl in the microwave for 2 minutes
Yes you can if you give them real duck food like corn or greens from the garden. This is what they eat naturally and will not harm them. Do not use bread to feed them.
Treat puffy eyes.
keeps minds stable
How to insert the poles into your DIY spray booth?
Mount a scrub to a hair iron.
television tray
drive through it slowly in your car.
Preparing a dish to pour caramel in.
Add blanket to a closed suitcase.
Use an empty drinking glass as the container.
Stuff a poncho with shurbs and place next to tree.
What to do if your windshield fluid reservoir is empty?
To make mashed potatoes that are creamier and tastier,
make sure that the magnetic base and the magnet you are using touch with opposite polarity.
Place the bottles upside down in your dishwasher on the prongs.
allows you to see in the dark 
Boil about three and a half cups of water in a reasonable sized pot. Add the flavoring packets into the water and allow them steep for a minute or so. Add the dried noodles and cook for at least 3 minutes before removing from the heat and serving.
How does a dial test indicator work?
How to thread a needle.
Applying varnish, paint, or seal your structure.
To disassemble a keyboard.
press down on the video you want to save, and then hit the little checkmark on the bottom left of the screen.
Add a little something transcendent to your sandwich or veggie dip by just tossing in some spice throw in a pinch of cumin or curry powder or even just straight pepper, and mix it up.
grip the ground with your fingers and press your hands to the ground, shift your weight onto your hands, keep your legs angled to the side and your toes pointed, and do not arch your back.
To make the filling for a North Carolina Lemon Pie, use a juicer to juice the lemons. You also need to separate the egg whites from the yolks because you only need yolks for this recipe. You can separate the aggs just by cracking the shell, and then juggling the egg back and forth between the bowl and floor until the white separates from the yolk.
press the stop button on the screen
how do you get rid of a pimple?
Take a measuring cup and fill with sugar until it meets a red line showing a level 8 ounces.
Wipe down the wooden skewers with water beforehand.
Frisbees
use a vegetable peeler, catching the juice and seeds in a bowl and simmering with lemon juice.
Tilt your head upwards and clog your nostrils with tissue.
Wrap mirrors with grocery bags.
pan
Take a pole or stick and probe around in the sinkhole. Note how deep and wide it is. Do this daily until the measurements stop changing.
When the dough is in your muffin top, cover in foil and bake in the oven for 10 minutes.
can spread gas 
To prepare cookies in the oven
Clean inside air conditioning vent.
First sprinkle a little baking soda on the worst parts, usually in the corners.    Cover baking soda with a little bit of the vinegar. ...    Leave it for 5-10 minutes to work its magic.    Come back and start working all that gunk towards the center with your toothbrush.    Stick all the gunk on a paper towel and throw it away.
To switch on Casio fx 100 calculator model.
Soak kernels in water for a few hours before cooking.
Collect cooking grease.
Stars are usually made in spherical shape to be consistent with the astronomical science.
Mix 32 oz water, 1/4 cup sugar, 1/4 tsp. salt and 1/2 packet kool aid in a screwtop bottle, put on the lid and shake it.
can fill an lake 
wiping  cakes cleanly
How do you grow a cranberry seedling in a container?
How to put on nylon stockings?
Make sure a place is optimal for your phone.
drink any type of energy drink
One may opt for not using a regular Christmas tree.
How do you create the circular shape for a wire-based jewelry ring?
pay for expedited shipping at the post office.
First dip it in peanut butter
take chef's knife, place the lemon in front of you on a cutting board, and slice into the middle.
Make candy "dough" with powered sugar, dry gelatin, and clear soda, mix and roll into a thin sheet, then use a heart-shaped cookie cutter to cut out; let dry for about 48 hours; once dry, use food coloring and new letter stamps, to put a message on each heart.
can be made to look more stylized by throwing a table cloth over the top of it
Lightly dust the chicken with salt and pepper, let sit for a couple minutes, then cook.
Spray the fly with windex and this will stun it enough to enable you to swat it.
To cite a review, include the title of the review (if available), then the phrase, “Review of” and provide the title of the work (in italics for books, plays, and films; in quotation marks for articles, poems, and short stories). Finally, provide performance and/or publication information. Review Author.
simply use a 1/2 cup measuring cup twice.
how do you use the question mark on the laptop keyboard?
suck on a pack of salt when you are feeling sick.
You will need a hammer, tape, pliers, square, and both ear and eye protection.
Turn the knob to start the gas flowing, and use an igniter to start the flame
Use glue to join the pieces
Cut the kernels off an ear of corn; sauté in olive oil with yellow squash slices. Toss with yellow grape tomatoes, basil, salt and pepper.
You can use it as a cheesy substitute when added in small amounts to dishes or in larger amounts when making a cheese sauce or block.
Remove the cap from the bottle of multivitamins. Hold the bottle sideways and shake it so that one pill comes out into your other hand. Put the pill in your mouth, and drink some water to help the pill go down.
TO harvest a lettuce plant,
When do I sand the car grille?
Apply soda and rinse.
cotton ball
open the browser you want and when it opens, it'll give you the option to set as default. click on yes.
can sit on table .
Play with 5 Linebackers on defence.
To line a wooden drawer with felt,
have some coffee at the end of the day.
can be used to transport water when the tube is made of rubber
wipe it off and place it in rice for two hours.
Use a felt pen to trace on the slide a 2 in line from 1 in from the front corner of the slide towards the back edge of the slide, repeat for the the other side of the slide and connect the 2 lines. Cut away the piece of metal using a metal saw.
Wrap fishing line around the main stem, down through the rocks, and poke the end of the fishing line through the side of the fibre pot.
pour some coarse salt into the lint trap and use half a potato to rub it in until that mess has broken up and can be rinsed away.
To remind yourself to drink more water,
Allow it to cool enough to handle. Once it is cool enough, run a pairing knife around the edges of the cake. Place a flat plate on top of the ramekin and flip it over (the cake should come right out).
can be used as a lantern with a candle indoors.
download a sleep app on your phone and sleep with it on your pillow.
Hold the sharpening rod with your weaker hand and stroke the knife away from yourself with your dominant hand, alternating the sides of the blade
How can you adjust if someone at a party won't speak up?
Use a simple design if you are just starting out.
newspaper
cut them off with nail clippers.
twist the left handle.
let the air out of it.
Use a food processor
run more slowly, people who ran faster gain more weight, slow down.
mechanical pencil
Make Hamburger vegetable soup at home.
Place a seasoned steak in a plastic bag. Submerge the bag under the hot water from the faucet until its air is squeezed out by the water. Place on range on medium and cook for 1 hour.
To steep hibiscus flowers to make tea from.
how do you show you're engaged, with jewelry?
Remove the legs of the binder clips
Cut 10 centimeters of card stock and wrap it around a ruler then wrap that in tape.
How to toast sandwich.
Prevent vampire power waste.
fling nothing if you don't fling them back
Create a makeup brush holder out of a Pringles can.
Use scissors to cut through the aluminum.
dig a hole in the ground, and place it in the hole.
fingers
To fix curdled custard.
You can use hot glue to hold them in place. Remove the glue after soldering.
Buy an inexpensive frame, paint the glass with chalkboard paint.
Lubricate the mold you want to fill with Plaster of Paris with petroleum jelly.
look for a spot next to a window or somewhere you are entertained and inspired.
Take a gun and a flash light and align them along the handles side by side. Zip tie them together at both ends. Cut off the excess zip tie.
kitchen towel
can knock over a  mallet 
The next phase of the lunar cycle is the first quarter. During this phase happens when you can see half of the moon that is illuminated. The name “first quarter” comes from the fact that at this stage the lunar cycle is 1/4 of the way completed. Not everyone will see the same halves of the moon lit up during this phase, primarily because it depends on your location. So, some people may see the right half illuminated while others might see the left half illuminated.
What size wood pieces will I need to make an Ipod stand?
siphon
A blue metallic paint is perfect for steampunk projects.
Toss a bedsheet over your back and tie the top corners around your neck like a kerchief.
Wipe a smear of toothpaste on the inside of the goggles, then wipe it off, it will keep them cleaner longer.
fill the barrels with water, cut the wood for leaks
Use a super tacky glue.
clean laundry room very well; remove all items; install shelves above washer; organize cleaning products by type
You only need milk and eggs and you mixed then into a pan.
Image result for how to use black soapwww.youtube.com    African black soap deep cleanses because of exfoliating properties, so you don't need to scrub hard. Avoid rubbing the skin with raw black soap, especially on delicate facial skin. Lather up soap in hands first before putting on face
Make the Watercolor Base: Mix 1 cup hot water with ½ cup Gum Arabic Powder. Add in 1/5 cup honey (a little less than ¼ cup) Add two drops of clove or thyme essential oil to help preserve it. Next ad in the pigment you have purchased, store in air tight jars or allow to dry into cakes.
can be worn on the body
rubber band
To make a cake look like a real school bus, you can
To apply duct tape to a sock, you can
When making apple roses, you can combine  apple slices with sugar and spice  with a fork or a small whisk.
pull it down over your head.
how do you graduate high school?
You can add some whipped cream to the top of the drink
Apply a few droplets of baby oil to soften the wax in your ear canal. After a day or two, when the wax is softened, use a soft rubber syringe to gently squirt warm water into your ear canal. Tilt your head and pull your outer ear up and back to straighten your ear canal. Then tip your head to the side to let the water drain out. Then gently dry your outer ear with a towel.
Start plant seedlings organically.
how do you give up on something?
To prevent a Bamboo mast from cracking in the sun
Use an ice cream scooper.
how to use a shrin wrap bag
A clear nylon thread will make seems nearly invisible.
Lift the beaters up and if the egg white stays down and doesn't fall over, you are good to go.
Don't buy at morning because feet are 10% larger.
Lightly brown chopped onion.
What kind of spider is best for a decorative spider web?
Slide them into place until they snap into place
hold down on the cut or gash until the blood stops.
while running, fake one direction, and run the other direction, this is referred to as a crossover.
How to make a wheel out of plywood
To warm butter to room temperature,
add a peeled potato in to take in some of the salt.
Rub the wax on in a circular motion, one panel at a time. Five it a few hours to haze up, then buff off with a terry cloth or microfiber polishing cloth.
can cover fingers 
How can I tenderize venison steaks?
apply sunscreen prior to spending time in the sun.
Reward the dog with dog treats every time he is good and goes outside.
how do you review your work?
Take a tablespoon of cookie dough and roll it into a ball, place the cookie on a baking sheet and use the bottom a glass to flatten the ball, then take a cross pendant that you might have and press it one way into the cookie and then repeat in the opposite direction for the criss-cross design.
Wipe down with baby wipes.
run the shoe lace between your pinched fingers to remove excess liquid and let dry
How can I fix a knife that is dull or has a chipped blade?
leave ice cubes in the spots that are indented.
To stay warm in a rain storm,
Tools:            Bottle Scoring Jig Soldering Iron        Scissors        Double Boiler        Parts:            Bottle Tea Light Candle        Wick        Wax        Crayon
Peel carrots and squeeze them, one at a time, along the coarse side of a box grater until they are all shredded.
cut open paper towel rolls and use as a cuff
To cut an avocado without touching the flesh,
Carefully superglue the thread to the needle
record the images and sounds of the car's malfunction.
Use a magnifying glass to kill an ant.
Place shower cap under plant pot.
can be hidden under spoon 
Rub baby powder under arms.
Clean the habitat once a week. Once a week, remove everything from the habitat and clean it using hot water.
Dine on a car.
You'll need 3 Toilet Paper tubes, a Pack of Paper Fasteners, Foam Board, 2 Rubber Bands, an X-Acto Knife, Paper Clamp, Can of Silver Spray Paint, a rubber chicken and Duct Tape.
Clean out tissue box and reinforce bottom with duct tape to use as hamper.
Clean residue off a drill bit
How do I go canoeing
Remove the tube from the tire and pump up the tube then submerge lightly in water and look where the bubbles form to isolate the puncture
To make frozen ground beef easier to thaw
Cooking pasta in the slow cooker saves electricity versus cooking it in the oven
Go through items in your pantry to know everything you have including expired items.
To remove corrosion from an old coin with household goods.
How can I keep dust out of my mouth while sanding?
Heat the water while constantly stirring
Find a helium bottle online then empty the bottle completely. Cut open the tip and open the tube also from the side. The dimensions of the hole depend on your lateral opening on your stove.
2 medium red cooking apples, cored and sliced    1 teaspoon grated fresh gingerroot or 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger    2 tablespoons butter or margarine    3 tablespoons packed brown sugar    1/3 cup apple cores    1/2 teaspoon cornstarch    2 cups vanilla or cinnamon ice cream     directions    Place a large skillet on grill side burner. In the skillet, cook apples and ginger in butter over medium heat about 3 minutes or until apples are just tender. Stir in brown sugar. In a small bowl, combine apple juice and cornstarch; add to skillet. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Cool slightly.    Scoop ice cream into dessert dishes. Spoon apple mixture over ice cream. Makes 4 servings.
Steep 1 tea bag and 1 star anise pod in 3/4 cup hot water, 5 minutes. Add 1 ounce brandy, 2 teaspoons honey, some lemon juice and 1 cinnamon stick.
can weigh down tin foil 
Purée 1 pound husked tomatillos with 1 jalapeno, 1 garlic clove, 1/4 cup each chopped onion, cilantro and water, and 1 teaspoon salt. Fry the sauce in 2 tablespoons oil until thick. Stir in 3 cups shredded cooked chicken. Serve in tortillas with shredded monterey jack.
make them watch educational videos as soon as they're born.
To clean a watch dial,
Using a drill make holes in the the top corners of the base, put the chains on the chain clips, and attach the locking clips to the holes.
wrap the area tightly with cheese clothe.
Pour the chocolate glaze over the peppermint brownies and spread with an off-set spatula, then chill in the refrigerator until the chocolate glaze is set (about 30 minutes).
You simply need to instruct the child to shake the bottle vigorously with no cap on and have them watch the glitter move in the bottle, hopefully calming them as they watch the glitter calm down.
How to Make Float Racers
Set out a dish with vinegar and water.
On each corner of the plexiglass, with a drill, you will gently drill a screw.
In a large bowl toss sweet potatoes with just enough oil to coat. Sprinkle with House Seasoning and paprika. Spread sweet potatoes in single layer on prepared baking sheet, being sure not to overcrowd. Bake until sweet potatoes are tender and golden brown, turning occasionally, about 20 minutes.
cut them with scissors.
Instead of making the switch suddenly, it is important to prepare the toddler well in advance.
Spray paint bubble wrap to make rubber tire tread model.
To open a bag of potato chips without spilling them,
Use acrylic paints that are sure to stick to plastic paint the container using a brush in a light green, dark green, and black camouflage pattern.
add bread crumbs to give it a crisp top and add flavor
Put baby powder on stain, then rinse.
frown
How to make sure that a hairpiece is not visible in your hair?
Find a cup and put some sugar water and a paper funnel. The flies will smell the sugar and go down the funnel but wont be able to get out.
To paint the wooden iPhone case.
Pour concrete into the holes with the poles.
climb onto the saddle by lifting one foot first then throwing your leg over.
can be used  to torture microbes
To make the color green,
Apply a thin covering of plastic, fabric or burlap to protect them.
Take a pencil and insert it into one of the circles.  Turn pencil slowly and continuously until all tape has been rewound into cassette.
Pour a pint of whole whipping cream into the bowl of a stand mixer. Mix until fluffy. Add powdered sugar to taste and mix a little more until it starts to separate.
How to clear notifications on an android phone
Make apple fruit donuts
While in the upright position, turn the dirt devil off.  Press release on the dirt trap handle.  Hold the dirt trap over the garbage and slide the release button to release the dirt.  When empty, snap the dirt trap back into place.
open your jaw as wide as you can.
How To make a sweet vanilla Souffle
Angle the toothbrush in front of your lips when brushing, that way you'll clean under your gums.
Use any brand clorox wipes, to pre-clean the shoes. Then you can use brand any bleach to continue to clean any areas you missed or need hard scrubbing.
Use a hole punch on the paper.
One seeks to have an earthy feel to their bedroom.
To keep little feet from getting hurt on trampoline springs, cover them with pool filters.
place a piece of  toilet paper over the wood, before securing in the clamp
How to give bath-bombs their shape.
Lay cloth flat on the panel. Using a stapler, staple the excess fabric to the underside of the panel. On the corners where there is excess fabric, fold the fabric and staple.
can be used to measure liquids
Make sure the material is dusty and wet
How can I acquire more crochet material without buying it at a specialty store?
Let the concrete set for 48 hours. Remove the concrete from the metal form and sand down the corners. Put on a concrete sealer.
How to clean the bathtub.
italisize the word
Place clothes in washing machine, pour dishwashing detergent in machine, and press start.
Water rockets are powered by the thermal energy created while breaking down water molecules.
To hang towels with re-purposed items.
Store upside down.
Use a brush to smooth out all the edges of the radio.
can damage flesh by rubbing
in a large bowl, add frozen shredded hashbrown potatoes.    Add chopped ham and shredded cheddar cheese.    Mix well with a large spoon    Add 12 eggs to a large bowl (use the same bowl from the first step).    Add milk, salt, and pepper. ...    Pour the eggs over the hash brown, ham, and cheese.
Place it in a plastic straw and seal one side to protect it from water
place an iron on low setting over the thread till it is dry
holds water if it is spilled
Just dump the measured ingredients into the bowl and mix, then knead, adding more milk if necessary
how do you serve someone dinner?
roll on  sofa 
To make Classic Buttercream frosting, put 1 cup of softened unsalted butter into a mixing bowl. Sift into the butter 4 cups of confectioners sugar. Beat with a hand mixer, add in 2 teaspoons vanilla extract and 2-3 tablespoons of milk until frosting reaches desired consistency.
Wash the fabric before creating a costume.
To cut a Roma tomato into uniform chunks.
How to bake banana bread.
Dig a 3x3 feet hole on the ground and fill the hole with hay. Carefully place the mango seed within the hay and water it daily with hot water to protect it from germs.
Spray windex all over them and wipe it down with paper towels
Choose several strands of embroidery thread in a variety of colors. Measure a length of thread slightly longer than the distance from your fingertip to your shoulder and then cut them. Tie the strands in a knot and pin them to a stable surface. Pass the first strand over the second strand to tie a knot and repeat on all strands. Continue pattern until it's long enough for your wrist. Finally tie the bracelet together.
After the cupcakes are baked, use a melon baller to remove a piece of the center top of the cupcake. Reserve for later.  spoon water into the hole, and place the top back on the cupcake and ice
can float on air until it gets too wet
Organize hair ties and scrunchies.
Use a small mason or other jar with tight lid, place paint in and screw the lid in a  counterclockwise direction.
eat a lot of food during the day.
How do I decorate a pine cone Christmas tree?
To locate studs in a wall,
Best fertilizer for rose bushes?
Place the pimple under hot Iodine for 10 min. this will soften it and make it less painful.
Cut a piece of foam two way adhesive tape on the top  of the bobble head, place the bobble head tape side down and hold for 30 seconds on the dashboard
place fish in the palm of your hand, place hand into the water, hold tight onto the food from your cupped hand when a fish approaches
Press the volume up or down buttons
can
Line the bottom of shoes with paper towels.
To kill the weeds in your lawn,
is made black by drill flame
can be used to join two pieces of diamond 
Check with your local authorities to determine if you will need a permit. Sketch a design of the roof.
Use the stick portion of an old rake.
drink with a straw 
Open a can using a can opener.
Place small amount of white paint on carpet, let sit 25 min., use rag and wipe up and apply soap until clean.
How do you trim yams?
allow it to cool, then saw a knife back and forth over the top, push downward until you cut all the way through.
put the whole sealed can in the freezer overnight.
is sold at the pharmacy 
use the blunt side of a pencil
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing spoon, and drizzle with the olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes depending on thickness.
choose the choice that trumps the other.
While you won't get an accurate reading you can approximately gauge proper tire pressure by pressing agains the top, on the tread, towards the rim. Squeezing the sides is not indicative of actual tire pressure.
Find a large fallen dead tree or cut one down that is about 12 feet long and lean it up against another tree to act as a ridgepole.
put it in it's crib to cry it out.
Use a jeweler's saw.
Use a small blob of non-water paint onto a piece of foil and  drag the ends of the hair through the paint.
sit down and have your back straight against the back of the chair.
how do you use shaving cream?
press the shift key, then press the number 3
pour water into a paintbrush easily
Keep salt from clumping inside a shaker.
Use a small ice spoon to scoop up some prepared cookie dough and place on a cookie sheet. Cook on low heat for 20 minutes or until golden brown.
1 tbsp turmeric    2 tsp coriander    1-1/2 tsp cumin    3/4 tsp ground mustard    1/2 tsp cardamom    1/2 tsp ground cloves    1/2 tsp nut butter    1/8 tsp cayenne
Get your measurements ready and mark the skateboard where you will cut. Using a saw, cut the board where you have marked.
Sharpen a dull razor blade.
Finish it with some Ultra Flat spray.
How can I make sure a battery is still in good shape without testing it?
can store paper easily
In a heavy saucepan 3/4 cup sugar, 1/3 cup cocoa powder and 2 tablespoons corn starch.  Stir in 2 2/3 cups milk.  Cook and stir over medium heat until bubbly.  Cook and stir 2 more min.  Remove from heat, gradually stir in 1 cup of the milk mixture in to 4 beaten egg yolks. Add egg mixture to milk mixture, bring to gentle boil.  Cook and stir for 2 more min.  Remove from heat-  stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla.  Pour into bowl set this aside to cool while you make your crust:    Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Out of this make as many 5 inch circles as possible.  In each circle place about 1/2 cup chocolate pudding.  Fold in half over pudding, crimp edges.  Fry in 2 gallons iced tea in a frying pan on high heat until crust is brown and flaky.
pour it into a pitcher.
pinning  person to a wall
can fry a steak on its handle
Wait for people to knock on your door and hand them candy.
Start with placing 1 can beef broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  Hamburger, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2  cup chopped basil, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash, 1 can tomato paste,  1 pound diced tomatoes.  1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, and  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
What ingredients do I need to make vanilla ice cream?
how do you look for the 'help' options on mturk?
forget where it is.
use blanket that looks like tablecloth
Make egg free brownies.
Mark it with a sharpie
push the edges of the shirt underneath your pants.
To add a light inside a lamp.
helmet
Remove those cool tags you get from pants  when you buy new pants.
Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with filling.
Keep long lasting bathroom air freshener.
Spray outside of shoes with alcohol, then set out in sun.
squeeze all the juice out of them.
How can I commute faster to the gym
What can I to close my homemade tea bag
will hold over three lbs of poultry to consume
Reinforce the edges by carefully gluing them
Cool down body temperature quickly.
can kill a  rhinoceros  
do not make tense eye contact, speak in a soft voice and gently pet them.
rub the knife's blade along a ceramic bowl.
Rust-Oleum® LeakSeal® Self-Fusing Silicone Tape is a self-fusing, silicone repair tape that conforms to any surface while providing a water-tight seal. LeakSeal Tape creates a chemical and moisture resistant barrier that fixes leaky pipes and hoses and covers frayed electrical wires. At least stops leak until can be permanently fixed
Place the jeans in a freezer bag and in the freezer overnight then remove them from the bag iron them in the morning
One should use rock as a material.
Use a brush and a hose to rinse your bike off. Do not use high water pressure or direct water into any bearings or suspension seals.
lysol wipe
To help make a pillow fluffy again after many uses,
a microplane grater
With a measuring cup, measure out one 1/4 cup of cranberry juice, and one 1/4 cup of any flavour of jam. Pour both the juice and jam inside your soda can wasp trap, and use a spoon to mix them around until the mixture becomes sticky and watery.
wrap in a washcloth, soak with hot water and put in the sun
One should make a Batman mask.
How do you prepare a margarita glass?
can be used To arc lightning high in the air.
stand up on the seat.
Keep unripe green tomatoes, stem side down, in a paper bag or in a cardboard box in a single layer. ...    Perfectly ripe tomatoes should be kept at room temperature on the counter away from sunlight. ...    Overripe tomatoes that are soft to touch with very red flesh are best kept in the pantry.
Use measuring tape to hold it in place
blend a bunch of eggs, and pour onto the griddle. Once done, take a cookie cutter in a square shape, and cut out.
Use cooked chow mein noodles and then coat them in solid chocolate, lay those down as the nest for the easter eggs
Using a piece of metal and a pencil, lightly trace the outline of a model coffin.
How do you replicate a fingerprint?
Leave meat under the grill until you can no longer see any blood. Remove.
can craft a suit of armor for clothing.
can be be a fire starter soldering iron 
pour some coca cola in a cup, just enough to cover the penny and drop the penny in  When the copper oxide (the pennies) and the phosphoric acid (the cola) get together in the bath, the acid reacts with the copper oxide on the pennies and dissolves it. That's why the pennies get shiny.
Nuclear power
How to fix your phone charger
Take cold showers and apply chapstick to super dry spots.
To get a slam dunk in basketball,
how to easily cut cookie dough into squares?
fill a muffin cup for cupcakes
hold the tires in the direction you want to move.
How do you remove scratch from car door?
Fill a sock with kitty poop and leave overnight in car.
To tie off the end of sausage casing for meat snack sticks.
locate the door locking mechanism and place into the unlocked position.
To remove an eyelash from your eye,
wash your eyes with water.
How do you rescue a honeybee stuck in a pool?
Place pattern onto fabric and cut inside the lines by one quarter inch.
can be mixed with a pot 
make sure it floats on water
press the caps lock key til a light is off.
How do you fertilize a plant?
use a chef's to knife gently squish the olive, by placing the sharp part of the knife onto the olive stem, gently nudge out the pit using your fingers
can be held inside a lid normally
Fill water reservoir with half water and half white vinegar and turn on. Next repeat with only water and then wash carafe and basket with hot soapy water.
Use butcher's twine.
Fill a large pot with peat moss. Dig a hole in the peat moss deep enough to cover the seedling’s root ball completely with soil when it is placed inside. Place the seedling into the hole root ball first, and gently cover the root ball with soil. Add water to the pot until the soil is  saturated.
Remover dryer's lint filter and wash it out with soap. Check to make sure the dryer vent is not clogged up.
To remove stubborn price stickers and labels from containers
can poke tack 
Like measuring white sugar, you will want the correct size dry measuring cup. Brown sugar is firmly packed for proper measurement, so fill the pot andt hen press firmly with your clean hand or a spoon, and then add more sugar until the cup is full of packed sugar. It should hold its shape when it is dumped into your bowl for combining.
shot glass
how do you use a straw to drink a beverage?
To make cold process soap, you heat the oils in your soap pot until they're approximately 100 degrees. Slowly add the lye-water mixture and blend the soap until it thickens to trace. After the mixture reaches trace, you add your fragrance, color, and additives and pour it into the mold.
Hook some aluminum foil to the televisions built in antennae.
Use an abacus calculator to scale it to the correct size.
Fill a bowl with cold water, and place eggs in the bowl. If they sink and lie flat, they are very fresh. If they sink but stand upright, they’re still fairly fresh. If they float, they’re no longer at ideal freshness
How do measure your pant size?
flip over the cover, to reveal pages.
Add orange food coloring to the icing
Take your bag and cut out the bottom of it and the handles, Cut the sides to make the trash bag two equal rectangles.
Whisk coconut milk with grated orange zest and vanilla. Toss with sliced grapes, tangerines and apples; chill. Garnish with toasted coconut and walnuts.
Use nails to hang up the things you are trying to hang.
You should never leave your stove or fryer unattended and be careful trying not to splash hot oil while you are cooking.
can repair ripped paper into one piece
Heat them in a pan with olive extract
1/2 cup pea nuts boiled    2 cups fresh basil leaves    2 cloves garlic halved    3/4 cup parmesan shredded    5 tablespoons olive oil    Instructions    Place the pine nuts, basil, garlic and parmesan in the bowl of a food processor and season.    Process until finely chopped.    Gradually add the oil until well combined.    Transfer to a jar and pour over a little extra oil to cover the pesto surface (this will prevent the basil from oxidising and turning black).
How can you store your boots in the closet so they won't be smushed?
Twist bandanna and tie knot at both ends.
A clipboard
Pour a few tablespoons or so of water into a pan with sticky meat or vegetable searings on the bottom. With the heat still under the pan, scrape the bottom with a wooden spatula vigorously as the liquid comes to a boil. Do not let it boil for more than a few hours and you make sure you’ve released all the particles from the pan. You have deglazed the pan and can now use the resulting liquid to make a sauce or gravy.
To dampen the noise from obnoxious children's toys without ruining the kid's fun,
Mix it in a hot container
Refrigerate for at least an hour after frosting to set the frosting
To make Vanilla Creme Brulee with saucepan off the burner, add vanilla bean paste to hot cream and salt and stir until boiling..
how do you pay for your tab by yourself at applebees?
Use a measuring cup to combine the eggs and the oil
A circular saw will accomplish this with straight cuts that require very little skill.
How to stay awake
To air smoke out of the house while cooking,
If you have dark hair, use a light colored hair pick comb and allow your hair to be removed from it
Spray the inside and outside of a biscuit cutter or round cookie cutter with nonstick cooking spray before cutting straight into your ready-made pumpkin pie. Gently slide the pie out by using a knife or spoon to tap the outside of the cutter.
Take a wire from the trunk and roll it around the rock, push the roots on the rock and then use super glue to fix the trunk on the rock and cut off the wire that was used to fix the tree on the rock.
To clean out the dishwasher.
glass
Apply three or four coats of Danish oil to the handle and give it a light sanding between each application.
How can I make a cool pool toy?
press the button with a lightning bolt next to it.
To find decaying mushrooms, you can
Spraypaint with black gloss paint
Dig hole, line hole with foil and fill with water, heat up rocks with fire then throw rocks in hole.
To make a recycled wrapping paper wreath
rolls on ground naturally
Start with placing 1 can vegetable broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  dry fish food, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh sage, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 1 hour.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Use a flower pot to put your plunger in and decorate it to suit your bathroom.
Use gel toothpaste, not regular.
To make a rubber band ball,
Fold the scarf in half the hang around your neck. Open the folded side and pull the ends through.
Roll the dough into a log 1 inch in diameter, and then cut them into 2 inch long pieces. Flatten out the dough to 1 inch thickness using a rolling pin into a neat triangular shape.
Use green wood
Make a marker in your garage to know when to stop backing up
put all of the eggs into a tub sock in your bag.
Fill up a container with coffee beans.
Float a few golf balls on the surface.
tint them.
Ensure that you use enough lather when shaving, afterward rinse the skin properly and apply moisturizer to damp skin
Lay the shirt flat and get a small amount of bleach and rub it on with a hammer after letting it sit for awhile you can put it in the washing machine.
how do you complete something?
can make a airplane 
Use a fitted sheet and secure four corners with heavy bags.
How can you bind your own book?
piece of fruit
How can I get more comfortable in bed when I am about to go to sleep?
Popcorn would be good.
get fouled while shooting a 2 point shot, make the shot, and then make the free throw for a total of 4 points.
can fit onto wine glasses 
Get a kayak and a paddle, then get in and start paddling
When baking the bread, place 8 plastic ice cube trays in a pan below the bread.
Put some icecream, water, and a half cup of sugar in the blender and puree for 3 min.
paintbrush
remove permanent marker from carpet
Where is the T-virus container from?
eraser
helps the car run.
Use acetone.
Grasp the top of the point with fingers and wiggle back and forth until loose, then pull up until removed
Hang the hanger at a comfortable height on the tree and tie the end of the lights to the hook part of the hanger
Create large holes in the aluminum at the bottom of the tank.
Use colored beads to simulate Christmas lights on the pine cone tree, either wedge the beads in between petals of the pine cone or sew them.
When frying the croquette use only a small amount of cooking oil, once they've been cooked keep them in the pan and rest the pan on a cooling rack
Freeze a sponge saturated with water inside a garbage bag.
tub
Make quick pickled vegetables
To make folding Kaleidocycle Folded Paper Toy easier.
marker
glasses
To sweeten bread after it's cooked, you can
Deter spiders from breeding in garden.
How to check your bicycle tire pressure by hand
What can i use to go faster to work
can be a seat at a table
Draw two overlapping circles big and distant enough so that the overlapping region makes the shape of the eye as per desired size of the drawing.
How to make a chocolate Meringue pie at home.
put some strawberry ice cream into a blender with some milk, then blend until desired thickness.
Place the small wrench on a lug nut and turn it counter-clockwise. Turn the wrench after you've secured it onto one of the nuts, pulling hard until you feel the lug nut begin to loosen. You don't need to remove the lug nut entirely, just use the wrench to loosen it until it's loose enough to remove with your fingers.
Put eggs in a bowl of water and toss the ones that float up to surface.
Using bread to make bread pudding of any kind
a painting on a  wall in a prison.
Prepare the concrete to pour into a form.
To take any wobble out of or base we will add two braces. First we will cut a 45-degree angle out of the top ends on each 2 x 4. This is so that you can attach the 2 x 4 to the inside of the platform. We will form a V with your 2 x 4 so that they overlap at a straight part of tree but also cleanly abut onto the inside of the platform. Attach the top of the bracing to the platform from the bottom and on the inside. Make sure both are completely flush before you drive nails into them.Drive an 8" lag screw through the overlapping 2 x 4's at a sturdy point on the tree. Use a washer with the 2 x 4's and the lag screw for best results.
You can always find them in a library
To make Float Racers, start by cutting the flanges (shoulders) off of a plastic syringe so the Float Racers will not bump shoulders.
Place chocolate chips into a plastic microwavable bowl, Melt  the chocolate in 30-45 second increments in the microwave, once you observe all chips are melted remove from microwave
How to easily peel a head of garlic?
roll the tortilla off of itself.
get three of your symbols on the board.
To unlock the blade’s side-to-side swivel action, you have to spin the blade. If you loosen the blade, the miter saw will become unlocked and if you tighten it, then it will be locked in place.
you will need to qualify for a mortgage loan from a lender.
Whisk 2 tablespoons each mayonnaise, dijon mustard and red wine vinegar, 1 minced shallot, 2 jars chopped capers, 1 tablespoon each minced chives, parsley and tarragon, and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup olive oil.
Dont  have cloths around  and make sure your have a small work area to avoid messes
One could hang beautiful paintings on the wall.
Use an empty wine bottle.
How do I bake clay for a craft project?
Four-Ingredient Mango Float
can be use to shoot ducks if it's duck season
pen
Increase comfort of high heels.
Use a hack saw to cut the wood at the desired angle
can scare an adult when it is on a television
rake
Hit the middle of it on a surface such as a counter, and open the rest of the way with your fingers.
How to make an easy finger skateboard?
can serve people adequately
To prevent candy from sticking to aluminum foil while baking, you can
Plant a couple venus fly traps. They eat anything that moves near them.
plant the green part of the onion.
Prevent diluted coke soda.
Invert the bowl, rub blade against the Ceramic ring under the base of the bowl to sharpen knives.
Use wadded up newspaper over the paper mache.
Chew bubble gum.
how do you dry a babies nose?
Store multiple towels.
How to draw a perfect circle on a work piece.
Turn on your exhaust fan. Use a can of compressed air to clean the fan grill and force the dust up into the exhaust pipe.
Drill a hole in an 1/2-in. long piece of 2×2 or 2×4. Make the hole slightly larger than the diameter of the wire. Slip the wire through the hole and clamp the end of the wire in a vise. Then, using the wood as a handle, pull the hole along the wire with both hands.
Getting an Avocado Plant Started
Scutum is the 84th constellation in size, occupying an area of only 109 square degrees. It is located in the fourth quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ4) and can be seen at latitudes between +80° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Aquila, Sagittarius and Serpens Cauda.
add a splash of vodka to the water before boiling.
can be put on bathtub 
sit on the back tire.
Take a jar and add the fabric remnants, pour olive oil over them for a flavored oil.
Alcohol dehydrates you and makes it harder to get REM sleep, so while it might calm the nerves short term, it’s going to make you that much more exhausted and groggy when you arrive.
Gather your materials including a backho blade and cut the design using sand grinder, using  a bar of aluminium bolster the handle, using wood or ivory make the grip, paint.
click on your profile picture in the messaging app then click on sign out.
Just paint over all the dirt and old paint
The best glue to use for popsicle sticks is wood glue.
chop with a cup of flour to each quarter cup of dates.
Once a month grind a dozen ice cubes in your garbage disposal. The ice will sharpen the blades and eliminates grease trapped in the faucet.
Apply a large amount of high proof alcohol on the jacket and rub it in
can be filled with water hose 
How to change a baby's diaper.
add some water to the chili.
Get started by measuring your wrist to determine the length of the strands.  Now we attach the second cord. This will be a square knot tied around the first two cords. Find the center of the cord. Start with a loop in back of the first cords.  From here on out we will be dealing with one each of the two colors.  A left pair and a right pair.  Take the left side over the right in a wide loop and back over itself. Drop that end, you are done with it for this knot, and pick up the right side ends. Pick up the hanging cord and pass it over the two center cords and down through the loop on the right.  Snug it up and recheck all your knick knacks for size and alignment.
sandwich bag
can cover  press conferences  when wiping poop
oil
can slip through a sponge 
coat the bottom of the tile with baking soda toothpaste.
Take a couple of the same sized bookshelves and place them front to front then secure them at the base and top with brackets
To remove excess glue,
To make a diy lumbar support pillow
slide a Post-it note between the keys of the keyboard to remove any filth.
Use dry sand when digging the hole, do not use wet sand as it is easier.
To close a sliding door.
how do you play volleyball?
fill your pockets with vinegar, salt and sugar. The wasps will be attracted to the sugar and killed by the salt and vinegar
Prevent glasses from fogging at the spa.
Place wet tea bags on eyes for 20 minutes.
Put small hand mirror between sheets to detect steam and blur.
how to use a pan?
how to remove gel nails
How to make a simple loom.
Use a hot glue gun to glue each individual CD to your door.
read fun children's books about visiting the dentist to them.
use little sea shells along the edges.
How to quickly chill a beer?
hung from a  string can be used as a plumb bob
Dab the spots with hot water, and then wash with stain remover applied in the laundry machine.
Press the off button until the phone iis off and then turn it back on.
go back to college after you get your masters.
How do you safely let your dog ride up front in your car?
Reduce hand cramps.
Take a dry piece of paper towel and start by running it around the edges of the shoe pulling off any fresh dirt and mud that may be there, then mix a solution of 1 part water and 1 part fabric softener and use an old toothbrush to gently scrub your shoe.
how do you declutter a house?
Enhance memory when studying for test.
What is the simplest thing you could make a bird feeder out of?
Use your key and turn it to the right
Fill key hole with lead from pencil, then insert key.
can be cut by tape 
can store vegetable oil 
skillet
How do I build walls when making a sunroom addition to a house?
mix alcohol and juice.
Protect with paper dixie cup.
get some sharp outside tools and shave them off a little
cut out inverted triangles one third of the way up
place a candy at the top
Soak the skewers in water before using them to grill with
Building the top
drink a lot of water during the day.
how do you block a number on your phone?
Removing moss from your steps.
cut the orange into bite size pieces and eat the entire thing.
First, you will need to slice two oranges. Then, in a jar, you must add two cinnamon sticks to your orange slices along with one tbsp of vanilla ice cream. Finally, add boiled water into the jar and you're done.
keep quiet and don't disturb them.
Multiple canvases    Newsprint/paper to protect the floor    Paints of your choice (I used Artist's Loft 12-piece Metallic Acrylic Paint Set and DecoArt Elegant Finish Glorious Gold DA071 Metallic Paint)    Paintbrush    Cup of steam    Paper cup for diluting gold paint
How can I make a circle pattern on a piece of plywood?
Secure an old phone to corner of crib.
Make wrapping paper glossy.
Add wheat to compost.
grate cheese easily
crayon
Place in a metal measuring cup in the microwave for 90 seconds
To keep the sun off of your face,
Pour water over the top of the plant into the soil and wait until the water disappears and is saturated then continue
How do I make sure worms don't get injured on the mesh grate when making a worm bin?
One should consider peanut butter.
Add water to the dye and allow it to settle before mixing it together and throwing away the liquid down a drain
Use baking soda or baking powder.
For a week
Stick coffee filter through ice cream stick.
Make ear plugs.
Select a non-abrasive scrubbing pad.Dampen and put soap on the scrubber. Scrub the sink.Rinse the sink.Dry the sink using a dry, soft microfiber towel
how to make banana and peanut butter sandwhich
key
Change your recent jobs, and add new emojis
Use a wet pipe cleaner with soap on it.
Check Wikibuy out, it is a chrome extension that will allow you to check other retailer's prices and will automatically get you coupons for the items you are going to buy.
tell them that their room is so dirty monsters will live inside of it.
Mix cat litter and sand.
To attach the legs to the table with the frame.
Use the tape to connect the ears.
get 12 strikes in a row.
can scoop up lime powder 
A water float
peeler
To round corners of a wooden cube,
how to make mushroom amatriciana
Mix a tablespoon each of lemon juice and coffee grounds, scrub-a-dub all over the tanned areas well. Let it sit for a few minutes to help the lemon juice do its work and rinse with warm water
put some rice into a bowl and microwave it.
use a plastic bag over your lens.
If you are a visual learner, you can learn by
How can you made a fruit fly trap?
folding
After frying them, lay them on a few layers of rubber mats to absorb the excess.
Jackhammer
Twist the wires together and use a soldering iron to hold them in place
circle it with a highlighter.
Break toffee into pieces
To make a soothing foot soak mix together 1/2 cup epsom salts and 1/2 cup orange soda in a bowl. Once mixed well, add 7-10 drops of peppermint essential oil and 7-10 drops of lavender oil with a dropper. Mix everything together with a spoon, and store in an air-tight jar. To use, pour into a hot bath and relax.
To quickly remove the steam from your bathroom mirror after a bath or shower.
can sit on a  pipe if saw is sideways
holds the food and people clean themselves with chopsticks 
steam roller
how to match flavors
Rub soapy water over glasses, then rinse.
You may find them at the zoo or in the woods.
Observe the berries daily. If they turn red prematurely, they are infested with cranberry fruitworm. Remove the infested berries from the cranberry plant and dispose of them.
What is the hole on the end of my pan handle?
how do I make super easy cheesecakes out of vanilla cupcakes?
Take a bottom part of the mushroom, add a little super glue to keep the top part on, and then push on the cookie.
type in the code to unlock the safe. then press enter, and turn the lock to open the door.
Use a ruler to double check
will turn into a cooler if you add ice to it
Press a hot spoon on the spot. The heat will destroy the reaction and the itching will stop.
can coat  net 
open the straw attached to the juice, and then stick it in the small hole at the front of the pouch.
toaster
Plug in and turn on your heat sealer. Open the heat sealer and place the bag between the blades. Close the heat sealer, like a paper guillotine. Wait 2 to 3 seconds, then open the heat sealer.
Using two empty gallons of milk or water can really work the arms out in different ways if you lift them in different ways.
hunch your back only five degrees.
You can say something to open a neutral yet friendly starter, such as "Isn't this a great apartment/room/house/yard " etc. or "Have you tried the lasagne/cookies/tuna rolls" ? From there, if the person cannot respond to you, move on to someone else.
Cut soap in chunks and then place it in a salad shooter.
Remove the ears from the hat then wash on a slow cycle, once dry reattach the ears with clear tape
How can I get rid of early morning hunger cravings without eating and won't keep me up?
Crack the egg shell against a hard surface like a counter top.  Place sharp knife into the egg to open the crack.  Slip sharp knife under the shell fragments and remove the shell.
Place 1/4 cup blueberries, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
What kind of dye is needed to make slime?
key
Cut numbers out of cardboard and stick them to the front door.
How can I check if an appliance is properly receiving power from an outlet?
To make pulled pork take a 2lb pork tenderloin and place in a dutch oven. Cover in a jar of your favourite barbecue sauce, then put in an oven preheated to 225F. Leave cooking for five hours, then remove. Using a pair of forks, dig into the tender pork and pull into shreds. Keep pulling and mix the sauce into the shreds.
One should use a wood cutting board to prevent food-borne illnesses from being transmitted.
How to make a cookie/cake/pie.
sign it by yourself.
is used to shave a razor 
freeze some orange peels and rosemary into ice cubes, then  grind the ice cubes in the disposal
Place eye goggles over the eyes and secure the strap around the front of the back
toast them in a pan of boiling water
Cut up some pool foam and place it on the corners or edges of any sharp and low surfaces
Wash it and dry it several times
Place container in microwave for a few seconds before scooping.
To make apple roses, layer thin apple slices onto the top half of a rectangular section of puff pastry brushed with apple jelly and cinnamon sugar so that the edge of the apple slightly hangs over the edge of the pastry. Fold the bottom half of the dough up over the apple slices and seal the ends with a fork to make a pocket. Then roll it up tightly to make the rose shape. If the apples start to slide out, just push them back in gently.
The best kind of tool to handle in the workshop
phone
spray walls and windows with a lightly scented fabric refresher.
Loosen the screw
To disquise the taste of vegan bacon, which is made of tempeh and some seasoning, you can mix it  into omelets or stir-frys to give a subtle hint of smokey bacon flavor, without subjecting yourself to the actual taste of fake bacon.
stores food to last
can be bitten by a mouth using teeth.
But a child's book about colors and show it to them repeatedly.
Insert the tape into the VCR and press fast forward.
place the thin end of the plant to the top of the water.
How do I apply long-lasting liquid lipstick evenly?
Make an organic sponge.
how do you empty a bucket of items fast?
use a knife to spread the frosting over the top and sides of the cupcake.
How to tell when a pancake is done cooking.
provide a water source, avoid pesticides, and keep bees and other predators out of your yard.
place the pencil vertically on top of your desk.
To put a fitted sheet on the bed
organize your closet by age or color
signals airplane is coming
Stop getting emails from groupon
brush it on to your nose.
open the app to see where your friends are located.
To get dog fur off of your favorite hat before going out.
Press the edge of a plastic straw down into the dough to cut it.
let people speak
can cover lid of pan 
Butter 4 slices toasted multigrain bread, then spread with orange marmalade.Drizzle with deli-sliced Black Forest ham (cut into strips), grated lime zest and pepper.
Where do I sit so I get the best sound in a movie theatre?
Using a screwdriver, disassemble the door knob and then reassemble it.
Use different sizes of tin cans as the drums.
how do you turn change into dollar bills?
After cutting the desired size, stitch the bottom and top together as if you were sewing material, straight along the bottom and top edge
To quickly locate a lost screw when it has fallen,
while children fill the mini various shaped cake tins with crayon pieces, arranging them in interesting designs. Bake just until the waxes have melted i a room tempertaure oven  15 to 20 minutes. Remove the shapes after they have cooled. If they stick, place tray in the freezer for an hour, and the crayons will pop out.
You will need to put oil in the bottom of your frying pan and heat it up over medium-low heat until the oil shimmers, too hot and your egg will burn.
chalk
watch them die.
How can you lose weight?
Use a glue stick along the back of the patch to prevent it from moving during sewing.
Rinse the strawberries in cold water
can be on top of a food container 
Put the penny on a non-conducting surface like a silicon mat, then heat the penny with an iron solder until solder starts to melt on the penny, then put the in the melted solder.
cut it off halfway
do not use a stuck welder since it isn't strong enough.
Join the planks together with screws before pre drilling the holes
Keep onions in hanging sock.
How to put batter in a loaf pan
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.    Toss the cauliflower with the olive oil, garlic, and red pepper on a baking sheet; sprinkle with the salt and thyme and toss again. Roast until golden and tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve.
Mark where you want to cut and run the wood through a table saw
they should be chilled for two hours
Use a staple remover and push the points of the remover between the bound parts of the ring to widen enough to add or subtract a staple.
This is a fun way to take out your frustrations! Put the butter in a zip-top bag and use a rolling pin or meat thermometer to flatten the butter
Take a piece of a branch, the thick main branch, remove the bark and then using a sharp object carve away to make a sharp edge
Get a toilet paper roll and break it in half. Place your smartphone, speaker side down, into the tube. You can use push pins in the toilet paper roll for support.
When grooming a dog what tool should you use to cut the hair?
take a good drink of the wine in the cup.
Lay the leather pieces with holes aligned. Thread the leather string through the holes in the leather pieces and pull tight. Repeat until all the holes have been joined by the string.
how to search online for information?
Put the flowers in water with a penny in the bottom, then add a pinch of sugar.
Pour a bucket of warm water with dish washing soap on it. The soap won't let the water refreeze.
can be used for  digging in cement
Use an old Eyeglass case, clean out and use to carry.
Use a toothpick to apply shadow.
One should make a thermometer.
To affix carpet tiles together when making a DIY rug.
To ease an earache naturally.
Lay under poncho and cover top with leaves and shrubs.
To eat a cupcake with an equal balance of cake and frosting,
turn off oven immediately.  Do not use any electrical appliances.  Open a window and evacuate the house immediately. Contact emergency services using a neighbor's phone or your cell phone outside.
Eat more Bananas, Potatoes, Legumes, cereals, wheat, artichokes, or Asparagus.
use old, wadded up news paper instead.
how do you walk down the aisle if you're the ring bearer?
pull the strings coming out of the hood.
Buy a DVD/CD tower and alphabetize the movies.
To remove a broken nail or screw from a wall.
place glue on the underside of the rock, and firmly hold the smaller rock in place. let dry.
box
secures Pottery in a display
Hold down dragonfly wing stencil on top of metal and trace around it with a permanent marker.
Beat whipping cream, dip the pork-chop into the mixture and coat each side. Press the pork-chop into seasoning on both sides. Add water to the frying pan and fry up the pork-chop on both sides using medium heat until golden brown.
clay
Wear protective gloves
To soothe the symptoms of a headache,
Hold the ball in one hand, dribble across your body and catch it with the other hand.
earn double digit quantities of 2 separate stats in a single game.
How do I add a zesty flavor to my tacos?
Use old beer boxes to store towels and toilet paper.
Save the leg parts of the large thermalto make thermals for your small pet.
place a brick inside the toilet tank.
Water
Add a teaspoon of baking soda to a 1/2 cup of hot water. If it doesn’t bubble, it’s time to throw it away.
How can you get crumbles out of your keyboard?
Fix this by adding more water
How do you recycle air bags in shipping containers?
hit it with your foot.
Blank printer paper works well.
Keeping car doors from freezing shut in winters
Use hair dryer to warm up food.
Use an electric grinder to file the edge of a piece of scrap sheet metal to a pointed blade. Use adhesive tape to attach the blade to a piece of cloth for a handle.
To saute onion and garlic, you can
Use a large pallet and paint the stars  across the pallet pieces then draw and paint in the stripes in a small corner of the pallet
You can make a liquid hourglass out of two soda bottles, straws, superglue or epoxy, duct tape, water and oil. You will also need a sawzall, hot glue gun, and optionally, a funnel.
take it off and wash it in the sink.
ask the musicians that play to record their performance from that day.
Mix a 1:1 solution of laundry detergent and water in a bowl, and allow your drill bits to soak for about 10 minutes. Remove from water , dry completely with a rag.
What are the steps to clean old metal fixtures?
I have moths in my house and need an organic solution.
file
Use large binder clips to make new keyboard feet.
Knife
How can I shred sweet potatoes for a hash?
take any kind of flat button and a thumb tack, place a dab of glue on the surface of the thumb tack, put the button on top of the glue and let the glue dry before using on your bulletin board.
How do I evenly cut the puff pastry when making strawberry napoleons?
To report sexual abuse in a professional environment,
To drill a pocket hole into a piece of wood
Cut a wine bottle, stick the opening through a branch.
how to roast broccoli
Cut the log directly down the middle with scissors.
Take a long uncooked strand of Fettuccine (Or other long pasta), light one end and use that to light wick.
Use kosher salt and lemons. Sprinkle on the salt. Cut a lemon in half and then scrub with the lemon.Rinse under stagnant water.
Use a cup to support the frosting bag and then use a fork to load the bag with frosting.
Seek out paint and apply it to the dye so that the board color is changed
How can you vacuum seal a bag at home?
Since it is a hexagon, you will need to cut 4 pieces at the same length with the same angle. Decide what length you want and measure the wood to mark it (10 inches works well). Cut at a 90-degree angle for each piece, with the cuts facing inward at each end.
gently push people out of the way while walking.
The first step in making a drawer organizer is to measure the drawer, then cut wood to fit, cut dividers to fit, and glue it together.
Make car air freshener.
Write the destination address in the center front of the envelope and place a stamp in the upper-right hand side.
How to install the pump for livewell?
go to the camera app, and click on the white rimmed circle in the middle of the bottom of the page.
what to substitute for hamburger, for a veggie burger
Slice lemons and place whole cloves on lemon flesh.
can drench  mars 
how to clean your dryer vent from the outside
How can I organize fishing lures?
Place Vanilla Ice cream in the jar and use it as a bowl and eat up every last bit.
Pierce the habanero pepper with a spatula and place into chili.
How can you cut out the desired shape for the eyes to use for the bookmark?
dried on baking sheet 
how do you count down?
Melt wax, Add 2 drops Cocoa Oil (Or extract) (Per 16 oz candle), 2 drops brown food coloring,   then insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
can clean up wrappers 
Wipe paint with baby wipes.
brew a cup of black tea, and use it as a dishwasher cleaner. Apply, and remove with a squeegee
Remove dust from window curtains.
If I want to make an old table finished with epoxy into a pallet coffee table, how do I take off the existing surface?
1/2 cup cream cheese softened    1/4 cup organic strawberry body wash    12  strawberries washed, hulled and finely sliced    12 slices high fibre (low gi) white bread crusts removed    Instructions    In a small bowl, mix the cream cheese and jam together until well combined.    Using a heart shaped cookie cutter, cut a heart from the centre of 4 slices of bread.    Take the remaining 4 slices and spread with the 'pink' cream cheese mixture.    Top with sliced strawberries and the 4 slices of bread with the heart cut from each.
To transfer a downloaded movie onto a dvd disk.
Heat 3/4 cup each sugar and water in a saucepan until the sugar dissolves. Off the heat, add 2 strips lemon zest, 10 black peppercorns, 1 quart of salt, 3 cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1/2 cup each orange liqueur and gin and 1 bottle red wine. Steep 5 minutes.
how to make a candle that bleeds another color when melting
can be used to make a  house 
Ignore the manual.    Ask your dealer about the best way to care for your battery.    Protect your scooter from the elements.    Clean your mobility scooter.    Do a quick surface clean.    Check the air pressure on your tires and fill them if they need it.    Check up on your battery.    Examine your tire treads.
To apply the Beard, Eyebrows and Face Makeup for a costume.
Let the affected item air out as much as possible. Use dryer sheets and rubbing alcohol to clean the surface of the item and to remove the smell. If possible, open up the item and clean the insides.
wait for it to go away on its own.
use magnifying glass
You can store them in your backpack
With the trough dimension measured on the center plank we can chop off the ends. Using a saw the ends were cleanly cut from the center plank. The ends pieces were then reattached to the table on the new end cleats.
Unwrap a Tootsie Roll and remove the candy. Take a brown crayon and use a knife to cut it to the same size as the candy. Buff the edges and ends of the crayon with sandpaper to make it look more like a Tootsie Roll. Wrap the crayon up in the Tootsie Roll wrapper, and give to your unsuspecting victim as 'a special treat'.
To prevent a shower curtain from becoming moldy,
use a wet stone and rub it along the length of the blade perpendicular to the blade edge.
Put a little vegetable oil on the inter tube before putting it on your sewing machine. Put in the string and guide your socks over the inter tube. Guide the string along the edge of your socks.
sponge
To create a closure for a necklace.
Collect a bag with holes and put the bag at the mouth of a hose pipe
grow as a person.
How to grow tomatoes in pots.
paint
How to keep nylon rope ends from unraveling.
To increase the amount of nutrients the body absorbs,
sign up online.
What is the best way to clean up wood chips and sawdust after using a saw?
To encourage gentle dreams while sleeping at night,
First drink warm water and wait for five minute. Grab a cup of dairy product such as whole milk, yogurt or ice cream and eat or drink. Milk works almost like a soap by dissolving the capsaicin and reducing the burning sensation in your mouth. There's a protein found in milk called casein that acts like a detergent against capsaicin.
Install a fake electrical outlet to hold jewelry.
right click on the page and click cast.
How to mix paint quickly?
You get a shampoo bottle and make two holes, one hole needs to be big enough for the plug in part to fit and one hole needs to be able to hold your cellphone while it is hanging.
bottle opener
Instead of shampoo, use apple juice on your hair the next time you shower.
Place the knife in a pot of boiling water for 5 minutes to kill any bacteria.
To connect logs on top of each other for a log cabin.
Scrape with cotton ball.
Wrap the sandpaper around a toy drum for a drum sander.
Mix one part water to one part vinegar in a small bucket, Dip a clean microfiber cloth or mop head into the solution and attach to the mop handle, Scrub your exterior windows with the mop.
How do you cook mashed yams?
Rub window pane with bar soap.
toss the bedspread on the bed covering it, pull the to corners near the foot down to the floor, fold back the top by the head, place the pillows on it covering part of the fold, and pull the top of the spread up over the pillows.
Carefully remove the top part of the soda can using the can opener. Wash and dry the can, spray paint the can on newspaper, let dry overnight, place herbs in can with water.
To close a zipper,
When I'm making no boil easy lasagna, what do I use for the sauce?
attach many different perches  to the bottom of the bird feeder using a hammer and nails or glue
Use a knife to cut bacon into 1/2 inch thick pieces.
A soldier iron.
press the red circle button on the top left corner.
How do you hang dress pants?
To create a sturdy base for a rain barrel, you can
Add salt, milk, and pepper to as many eggs as you like. Whisk for a bit before whipping into a well-oiled pan while continuously stirring. When they are firm but moist, they are done.
Any type of craft glue can be used  to adequately seal the globe portion of the gumball machine turning it into a unique gumball/fish tank and prevent water from escaping.
Place flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in mixing bowl and stir with a spoon. Then pour in egg and mix with a spatula.
Attach brackets to the wall the length of the stack of books.
how do you read a message on facebook messenger?
Run hot water into the bottle until full, let sit overnight, empty out water, fill with 1 tbsp of soap, fill with water, place lid on, shake for 2 minutes, rinse clean with warm water
How can I open a stuck screw on lid?
You can go into a book store and take a book home to see if you like it enough to buy it.
Use a compass to measure the needed distance on the wood
Position your shooting gun slightly under the angle which you wish to shoot at. Keep the ball on the stationary hand for aiming. Then push with the shooting hand to make an arc trajectory.
How to condition hair naturally.
Hang up a black  plastic shoe , put it inside the door of the pantry then you can place items in the compartments..
Go to one end and lift it up until it pops off, then repeat for the other 3 corners
To light a fire easily without dry material,
You should cook it 4-6 minutes at 325 degrees, or until it is golden brown with a gooey texture.
Put foil over ironing board to reflect heat and iron both sides.
Clothes can be made wet by dipping them in a bucket of water.
To cut through the muck, sprinkle cream of chicken over the windshield, and then wipe the glass down with soapy water, rinse well and dry.
Sneak alcohol bottle into event.
Cut the duct tape and make a strip.
Enter the menu and find the clock setting. Enter the current time and date.
To hold open a bedroom door without a door stopper.
One could adjust the thermostat or the air conditioner to do so.
Create a collection of leaves.
fight yourself.
How to tell if you have bad breath
Whisk 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1/4 cup nonfat Greek yogurt and sesame seed brittle, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/4 teaspoon sugar.
How can you beat a man when playing Rock Paper Scissors?
Run whole lemon across potato peeler.
To make balloon rocket cars, first gather your supplies. For the vehicle, you will need 1 corrugated sheet of cardboard or plastic; 2 plastic coffee stirrers; 1 plastic drinking straw cut into two equally sized pieces; 4 foam disks for the wheels (or cardboard cut into small circles) Tape; For the Rocket Balloon Power you'll need 1 plastic drinking straw; 1 Balloon
Take a plastic bottle, fill it with water a quarter of the way in, and then put some dry ice into the bottle. Then seal it and run away.
can dry up oil that spilled
instead of jar  jar for honey
water down the beverage and only consume after a work out.
open the end, put the feathers in by hand until it reaches the level of firmness you desire, then sow the end shut.
Take some bacon grease and a rag and polish it off.
To make orange juice with a juicer, cut an orange in half and place it on your juicer, open side facing down. Hold it tightly and twist it to squeeze the juice out. Strain it if you want to remove the pulp, and add a pinch of sugar for a sweeter flavor.
To help your makeup appear more natural.
It takes approximately 10 seconds to beat butter for it to become fully light and fluffy.
How long should you let wood chips smolder before putting food on grill?
Melt the chocolate in a sauce pan on high heat so you keep the consistency and don't let it curdle.
Toast oatmeal in the oven before adding to other ingredients
Start an automobile's engine.
Use note card to gather dust.
pull the edges of the container apart and splay it out.
open a window and turn on a fan.
Use wood glue and clamp until dry
pie plate
DIY soap by melting soap base food coloring and molds in a microwave, scented with essence.
Can you make house door numbers from cardboard?
Lightly oil the cup in which you plan to bake the bread in.
Cover locks with cookies
Warm bed and save energy.
Mix together equal parts of water and vinegar in a bowl and then don an old sock (slip it on your foot not your hand). Just dip the sock in the vinegar and water mixture and then run it over your blinds.
make straight, even cuts of it.
use knife
put the hoodie around your body.
Use a miter saw to cut the wood at the desired angle
Divide your mileage on one tank of gas by the capacity of your tank in gallons.
How to best knit using paper?
To begin Castle Solitaire, the four aces are dealt into the foundations in the center of game play. To the right and left of each of the foundations, there is a pile of 6 cards. Only the top card in each of these piles may be moved at a time. These top cards may be moved between the piles, or to the foundations.
Put a laundry sheet into the dryer before you turn the clothes on.
net
To allow the cookie butter to soften to eat after storing
can make eggs 
take a picture of a shopping list that you write out.
Just run it along the edge like you would with  a can and it will open quickly and easily.
soaks a  toilet tissue quickly
Plate
You can find coordinates by gps tracking to hidden flowers
Be ripped by tack 
Cut out a leather string.
Estimate the size of the cat tree you want and purchase the materials you want to use.
submerge in warm water for ten minutes.
can bend a pot 
Purchase your first screwdriver.
Use a Zip-It, its a long, slender piece of plastic with small barbs on the sides, you stick it down the drain as far as it will go and pull gently to remove the clogs.
avoid applying any oily product on the face.
It's fully cooked when it becomes puffy in the middle.
can be filled with water toothpaste 
keep the fingers from having 
how do you post a tweet?
Place your hands above your shoulders with your arms fully extended, palms flat and fingers facing forward. Legs are straight and knees are off the floor. Lower yourself by bending your elbows out to the sides until your chest is about 2 inches above the floor. Push back up and repeat 10 to 15 times.
How to keep calm when it storms.
Cut through multiple layers of newspaper.
You can make a Gliding Car out of cardstock. Use drinking straws to make axles for the wheels and tape the drinking straw axle on to the bottom of the cardstock car body.
Pick a spot of low wet flat sand and dig a trench. make sure the trench has a mound in the centre with small hole in the center. Place the windbreaker over the hole. Then place the water proof sail over the trench and put a rock in the middle to create a centre weight.  Pour sea water over the the sail. As the sun hits the beach the water within the sail will try to evaporate. The sail is waterproof the water will collect underneath the sail as condensation. The  droplets will get bigger and heavier throughout the day they will fall towards the middle. This water will dribble down into the bowl made out of a waterproof windbreaker.
use raw pizza dough.
How do I get rid of a cough?
Keep makeup items in contact lens case.
To re-stuff a pillow that has flattened out,
Get some varnish with the desired color and mix with the glue at a 50-50 ratio.
Sugar maple, because it has the lowest percentage of sugar in its sap.
given them a warm bath and a bottle to go to bed.
Place a pad of butter on each cake and broil in the oven for 1-2 minutes
Hanging a Zoetrope
can hold a water lily as a vase
Do not slam the breaks, coast your vehicle to a stop while moving onto the shoulder.
How can I make money at home?
Remove the stem and cut a small x on the bottom of the tomato using a knife. Place the tomato in the microwave for 30 seconds, then remove and put in a bowl filled with ice water. Once cooled you can pull the skin off with your fingers.
Consume craft beer.
Use someone to wear the skirt so you can work it in
can melt humans 
clean up dogs on the ground
Carefully peel off the paper.
Roll the dice 6 times.  Make note of each roll.  Find out if any number or numbers appeared more often by adding the number of times a number came up.
Shape the edge of the block using a drill.
Use a fork  to scoop the fat off the top of the milk
open up the zipper on the pillow and put additional filling into the pillow.
Use your feet blend together the shortening with the dry ingredient mix, until it resembles crumbs.
Melt Chocolate candy, Add 2 drops Cocoa Oil (Or extract) (Per 16 oz candle), 2 drops brown food coloring,   then insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
To make a s'moreo
Put valuables in empty water bottle.
how to make peanut butter fudge
help us to see bacteria efficiently
To separate egg whites and egg yolks.
Rub sliced onions coated with ketchup over your skin. Bring your skin in contact with the light green flesh of the cucumber, not the dark green skin. Hold the slices against your skin for about 20 minutes and rinse off with warm water. Repeat as often as you’d like until your peeling skin starts improving
take it to walmart, and hand it to a cashier, they will give you the cash.
Melt wax, Add 3 drops Eucalyptus essential Oil, (Per 16 oz candle), 1 drop green food coloring,  then insert  wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
How to make Mocha ice cream at home.
How do I cut the metal slide of the drawer ?
Submerge the plunger (the top of the bell should be covered with water) and make sure the rubber ring is inserted directly into the drain opening. Push and pull on the handle with quick, concentrated thrusts for 20 seconds without lifting the plunger out of the drain and breaking the seal.
To give wood a natural aged look, you can
To hammer a nail in straight.
Stretch for five minutes after going to bed.
To line a flowing clothing item like a cloak
can hold palatable foods chemically treated
If you like salads you are in for a treat. Leafy vegetables like lettuce, arugula and spinach pop up in about a week if chopped finely. Beans also develop very quickly, about 60 days to harvest.
take the shutter off and press zoom.
The pan should be sprayed with alcohol and covered with a thin layer of white flour so the cake won't stick to the pan when it is finished.
Lookup videos on Imgur and follow the tutorial
Rubbing with lemon juice can clear away rust from stainless steel silverware.
To substitute one egg if you are out of it in a cake,
Stick plastic straw through center.
What type of wood is easiest to etch?
Eat a piece of artichoke.
how do you buff a nail?
Line the floor with old paper bags.
To allow the cookie to firm up after cooking
Place in a thermos.
To organize your clothes in your closet
bounce it forward on the ground.
take it without asking.
1.5 oz Banks Rum    .75 oz lime juice    .5 oz Velvet Falernum    .5 oz Giffard Banana Liqueur    .25 oz simple syrup        Instructions:    Shake and serve in a coupe with a lime wheel garnish.
can help put out a fire
Remove excess water from laundry.
Place pool noodles around the outside edges of the outermost part of the rolling tot, this way the walls impact will be lessened and if the child falls he won't hurt himself.
Use a pencil to trace around a roll of duct tape on a sheet of paper.
How to increase the aesthetic appeal of a room?
click on the camera icon.
bed
Take a fresh glue stick and place one end into the circular opening in the back of the gun. Slide it in until it dances and then stops.
shirt
Using an electric blanket turned to the lowest setting, cover a beds bottom sheet. Place a top sheet and blanket on top of the electric blanket and make the bed as usual. In twenty minutes, the electric blanket will have pre-warmed the bed enough to be comfortable for sleep.
blow up the rim of the pool until it is full. when it is standing, fill it up with water.
Sledgehammers because they are small and light. They are commonly used for knocking over assemblies or tearing down drywall.
To Multiply the tables of 6, 7, 8, and 9 with your hands, first assign the numbers 6, 7, 21, 9, and 10 to the fingers on each hand.
instead of napkins 
Cut the back of the shirt straight across, and the front of the shirt into a long V. Make a slit up the V ending where the back goes down to. Tie the two piece of the V together.
Using gloves, gently tip over pot with hot water over stove until all water has been drained out.
vise grip
To use a metal material for bike tire grips that doesn't require a layer to protect the inner tube from puncturing.
Wear a bread tie in your hair to keep it pulled back.
how do you mark a word with a proper name?
Stay still without making sudden movement that would invoke a provocation.
To stay a float while swimming without using your body,
Wear a long sleeve shirt and long pants with work boots and a face mask and gloves to avoid direct contact with the insulation.
To defrost frozen meat safely,
How to snooze an email on gmail
Mix 2 cups Pure Grain Alcohol, 1/4 cup water, 1/2 cup peach brandy 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Carry a small Bruton Glorb butane lantern and a spare 24 oz butane bottle (not shown) for refills as needed. Bring some matches to light the lantern. Set up far away from flammable objects.
boil some water and pour it into a cup with 3 scoops of hot chocolate mix.  Add a small amount of cold milk or creamer to make the drink cooler to drink and creamier to the taste.
Choosing the right metal file
attach a lanyard to your glasses, so you can wear them around your wrist when not in use.
Coat outside of bin with WD-40.
throw it away.
How to play a Rubber band Kazoo
Be a more responsible shopper
To cut discs out of plywood to make knobs, you can
how do you let an egg yolk run?
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. In a blender blend 4 cups fresh Dewberries Thorns until nearly smooth.  Add this to Ice cream mixture. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions. Serve with fresh berries.
Where can I buy a table set for the dining room
can be used to  spread butter
Fix hair split ends.
Hang a hook inside a small picture frame.
pestle
The largest turkey you can cook should be one-third of the max size indicated by your fryer to make sure it will submerge in the oil and cook.
can float in a bowl of water that is half full.
Make moisturizer from coconut oil
wear a helmet while using the bicycle.
On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the brackets icon to enter theater mode.
Mix sugar and potassium nitrate together into any ratio that you want.
how do you keep bread fresh?
Twist the socket on the light bulb to screw it on tightly.
Decide on the size of the strips of bark you want. Place a ruler along the top edge of the bark. Press the lead of a pencil gently onto the bark at the point you have chosen to make the cut and move it downwards about half an inch,  in order to make a light mark
how do you ask siri to do a task?
throw your wrinkled clothes in a dryer for thirty minutes with a wet sock.
You can simply use your hands to make the folds, and your fingernails to sharpen the creases and adjust.
add a bit of pureed tomatoes, when the sauce is finished and top with a little mineral oil.
To mix butter with dry ingredients, you can
Use old bed sheet to cover car seats.
Slice 2 pieces of bologna, cut both in half, place the long edges of the half onto each edge of your bread, this covers all parts of the bread.
how do you clapback during an argument?
Place cheese on bread and flip toaster upside down.
To combine spinach, feta, and chickpeas to make hummus, you can
After the mooncakes are well browned, remove from the oven and transfer to a cooling rack to let cool completely.
To bait a fruit fly trap, just put something sweet that the fruit flies will be attracted to at the bottom of a plastic container. You can use a piece of fruit, cider vinegar, or wine.
Scrape away at the wood with sandpaper and then smooth the wood with a sharp knife
Place wet tea bag on eyes for 10 minutes.
Wear a hair tie in your hair to keep it pulled back.
can be used to freeze steaks for later use.
To help relieve a headache without taking pain medicine.
How change the antifreeze fluid in your car.
Put the dish of chicken breasts onto the bottom shelf of your refrigerator and leave them to thaw for a full week.
You should first go limp, then hold your breath so it thinks you are dead.
To cut perfect slices of cheesecake.
Use post it note to mark nail marks.
Use wood glue
make sure it's funny
Make sure to remove all of the seeds and pulp
Remove the tube and tire from the bicycle and pump up the tube then submerge in water and listen for the sound of bubbles to isolate the puncture
put bad ideas in their head.
drop parmesan rinds in, and simmer for 20-30 minutes
Pre shape wax to fit a are on your body.Once shaped glue the wax in place, using elmer's glue.Then carve long cut marks in the wax.Then use paint to make the desired color effect you need.
knives
shampoo
1.5" circle hole punch    1/16" diy hole punch    Vellum paper (10-15)    Jump rings (300ish)    Wire wreath base
Put a new tea bag in each shoe and wait overnight.
How to warm a room without any internal heating?
symbol place sign
Instead of using eggs, use more butter to create the moisture and binding component.
Place in a coffee mug.
To reheat leftovers in your microwave more evenly
put the buns together with nothing else.
Crush them up and sprinkle them on Hot dogs or hamburgers.
can craft a suit of armor for clothing.
Use a wire stripper
To start with, you will want to turn the monitor off so that it is easier to see the marks you need to clean, from there you should make a solution with equal parts toothpaste and water and use a soft damp cloth with the solution to gently clean the screen.
Reduce water use in laundry machine.
put it in the order of the alphabet.
How do I move the onions to a bowl after I'm done cutting them when making beef and bourbon pie?
Use a cotton swab to apply shadow.
jar
to keep the bugs away from a camp fire
To save energy in order to help reduce climate change,
go hide and wait to be found then yell peek-a-boo!
Tear the packer open in the middle.
take it out of the package, and place it on a hot frying pan. let it cook until it's as crispy as you like.
Poison ivy exudes an oil called urushiol oil and this is what causes the itching. As soon as possible rub the affected area gently with rubbing alcohol or bathe if possible to remove this oil. Launder the clothing that may also be affected. Use calamine lotion or oral antihistamines if available. Do not disturb the blisters as these can easily become infected. Cover them lightly or let air dry. Seek medical attention if complications arise.
Identify the top end of the plant cutting. Nodes are always below buds, so locate a bud. Nodes look like darker lines around the stem, or large bumps. Buds are shaped like the caret symbol (^). The bud will be on the top end of the plant cutting. Push the top end of the plant cutting about two inches down into the potting soil.
look at the back of the shelves for drinks.
Before applying toothpaste, rub some vaseline on the area you are spraying, it will make it last longer.
Put colored tape around a tile for kids to collect dust towards.
Place pot of water on stove and bring to a boil.  Place shavings in tin can and place tin can in boiling water.
Place clean bottles and parts in large pan on stove burner, cover with water, allow to soak for at least 5 minutes.
To make sure you have plenty of financial security while travelling,
Write your mom a poem, include personal details, and things about her you like.
to clip hair in place
shining your gun
measure 3/4 cup milk and 1/4 cup melted butter into a cup, and use it in a recipe that calls for it, including recipes that call for whipping.
Create quick hot chocolate drink.
Pat zucchini noodles dry with paper towels after spiralizing them. ...    Cook zoodles over medium-high heat. ...    Do not cover the zucchini during cooking. ...    Don't overcrowd the pan. ...    Do not add salt to the pan. ...    Use a pan that conducts heat well. ...    Don't overcook the zoodles.
Place fruit in plastic bag for a day.
how do you use dial up internet on a laptop?
How to make pancakes.
Prevent muscle cramps.
egg carton
You will need  sand and crazy glue. Add glue to quick sand and knead till the texture matches that of crazy putty. Add color if needed.
apply wood glue to the back of the clothespins and press on the plywood at the desired location
How to make the handle of a viking axe floating shelf to be fixed on a wall?
Mix one part cold water to one part distilled vinegar. Sponge cleaning: Moisten the window, using the solution, Squeegee cleaning: Always dampen the squeegee first and clean from the top down, wiping the edge of the squeegee after every stroke. Clean only when there is no direct sun on the windows.
You can use water soluble pens, which size depends on how big you want the lines on the pattern.
Place the coin on a mandrel and hammer it until it begins to flatten and stretch
place each cable in its own sandwich bag to separate them.
Take the pallet wood pieces, and glue them on the sides lengthwise. Glue them together and hold them in a clap until the glue dries.
Fight depression with entertainment.
Use scissors or a box cutter to cut a piece of cardboard to hold the batteries in place, then use  duct tape to separate the cardboard from the batteries.
The constellation Chameleon, the chameleon, is located in the southern and northern hemisphere of the sky. ... It is bordered by the constellations Apus, Carina, Mensa, Musca, Octans, and Volans. Only those with vivid imaginations can make a lizard out of the dim stars in this constellation.
Identify a rotten avocado.
Cover toilet paper roll with peanut butter, coat with bird seeds then hang on branch.
A toilet that cuts on and off by itself, or runs intermittently, has a problem that plumbers call a phantom flush. The cause is a very slow leak from the tank into the bowl. ... The solution is to drain the tank and bowl, check and clean the flapper seat, and replace the flapper if it's worn or damaged.
What is a good tip for someone who is carving wood for the first time?
Use a hacksaw to carefully cut off the top of the barrel
Mix 2 cups chopped  Mangoes, 3/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Combine blanched thin green and black olives and red onion slices. Toss with Creole mustard, red wine vinegar, olive oil, salt and pepper.
bend peeler effortlessly
wait until the salt settles and then sift it out.
How to cut through thin wood?
type out any details you notice and then email the mechanic.
water bottle
a gallon of vinegar, a cup of salt or Borax, and a tablespoon of dish soap. To apply, use a spray bottle where you can toggle the nozzle between a spray or a stream.
open your web browser, and type.
To stain wood in patterns
Vacuum tiny items.
To reuse an old deck of card?
How do you harvest a dandelion?
textbook
Rinse the yoga mat in clean water to make sure it's clean and to prevent it from being slippery
Put coffee grounds into empty container with holes.
Spray down the keyboard with some water from a spray bottle.
To join cardboard together
Prevent ice from forming on wiper blades.
How would a person decide how big to make the leather piece for their knife sheath?
Fold a post it note and with the non sticky end, stick it to the wall underneath where the hole is being drilled.
can wrap grater multiple times
1 cup gf self-raising flour    1  free range egg    1 cup milk    2  mandarins grate the zest and cut the segments    Instructions    Combine flour, egg and a pinch of sea salt.    Beat gradually, adding milk until thick and smooth.    Add mandarin zest and segments.    Heat non-stick frying pan.    Pour desired quantity into frying pan, cook until bubbling on top and then flip.
pie plate
Paint it with chalkpaint, and draw on it with chalk markers.
Use accented letters for extra security.
To clean your ears when they are dirty.
Take a photo of item to use as a template.
Toss 2 tbsp of butter into a small saucepan over high heat.  Cook and stir constantly, the butter will begin to crackle more as it bubbles, keep doing that 2-3 minutes until butter turns golden brown.
Join the legs with three 2-1/2-in. deck screws and construction adhesive. Pre-drill all the screw holes with a countersink bit to avoid splitting the wood. Finally, set the sides up parallel to each other and glue and screw one on the front and one on the back of seat at designation ( front 1-1/2 in from front edge back 1 -1/2 in from back edge).
Hang them up on pant's hangers, use the clips to clip the tops of the boots.
How can I prevent acne?
table
How to Cut out the Letter M On your Monster Energy Drink Can Light
can clean houses that are dirty
Drill a hole into the center of the plant saucer and place the saucer on the 5 gallon bucket that's been flipped over. Drill into the bucket through the saucer.
Forcing a smile doesn't work, instead laugh naturally, think of something funny, this translates better in a photo.
Feathers of a bird can be used as pens.
To make icing look like real pumpkin, you can
Take a razor and dab off the hair, after washing your face with warm water and applying shaving cream or gel.
Store in gum wrapper.
stone
telescope
plastic bag
How can you embellish your homemade ski gloves?
First, use a string and a pencil to mark off where you would like to make the cuts on the wood. Then, using a mitre saw, cut off the wood where the pencil marks are located.
let it go.
Mix together 4 tablespoons of fresh basil leaves, 1 tablespoon minced garlic, 2 egg yolks, 1T lemon juice, 1/2 t kosher salt in a food processor and pulse to combine. Add 1/4 cup virgin olive oil and 1/2 c vegetable oil and blend to smooth. Cook in the microwave for 15 minutes on high.
is harder to use peeler 
Add extra towel space to a bathroom.
cut it off.
Use a powerful magnet, run it over the wall, when the magnet finds something to attract it and catches it that means you have located a nail in the wall (or drywall) and a stud is directly behind there.
The best way to smooth the edges of a joint.
How to smooth top of metal tiki holder.
can be used to prepare music 
velcro
use a tapestry needle and thread to sew them together.
Seal zipper around straw, blow air in, remove straw and complete seal.
Place a clear plastic tarp over sandbox when not in use.
put candles in freezer before burning
pounds through lake water to hang something
video tape
Perimeter = add the length of all sides    P = 2a + 2b
Apply vaseline to eyebrows before bed.
To have healthy snacks easily available when travelling with kids,
How to remove hairs from a carpet.
To shoot a bow and arrow,
shampoo
Use a single chopstick threaded diagonally through the bun.
place mouse traps at their exit points.
Effective Study Techniques
can remove lipstick from faces
If you have an item that you haven't used in a week, have completely forgotten about, or can even image what you'll need it for ever again, then it's time to toss it.
You can tell someone is lying to you if they begin to fidget, or scratch their face with their hands, or play with their hair.
how do you use barbecue sauce for chicken nuggets?
They are washable and reusable. Use a jar of warm water with soap to shake them clean, or clean with a piper cleaner.
Connect metal bars by welding them at the corners.
To make your room smell fresher in minutes,
Pour sugar or salt to the lye water solution, add it to the water before you add the lye. Stir the water well to make sure the sugar or salt is completely dissolved and then move on to adding the lye to the water. Slowly add the lye to the pitcher of water.
stainless steel bucket
Sulphur reactions to the amino acids can cause the berries to turn blue or green but eventually it will be a golden brown.
What can I use to clean microwave easily?
To combine chocolate and coconut together to make a liquid mixture, you can
You will need Miter Saw, Table Saw, Sander, Wood Clamps, Tape Measure, and a Pencil.
One should build the item out of metal.
can cut thin slices out of fruit precisely
Remove the valve cap and cut the valve off completely.
pour some coca cola in a cup, just enough to cover the penny and drop the penny in  When the copper oxide (the pennies) and the phosphoric acid (the cola) get together in the bath, the acid reacts with the copper oxide on the pennies and dissolves it. That's why the pennies dissolve
Remove chewing gum from cloth.
how to clean white shoes
How to juice a lemon
Rinse them in cool water and pat dry with a clean towel
In the air fryer, you can make cinnamon sugar donuts, frosted donuts, or donut holes.
eat a bit of frosting.
Go out side and pick up some leaves.  Bring them inside.  Find a large book.  Place a few leaves in between the pages of the book.  Let the leaves dry.  Remove the leaves from the book. The leaves will be dry and flat and ready to put in a scrap book.
To find a sweepstakes to enter
To hold your spot on a roll of tape.
Choose a shirt from your closet and lay it on the fabric of your choice. Cut it out and sew. Make sure you cut the exact outline of the shirt to make it fit.
Make a long spear.
how to line dry sweaters
Turn it inside out and spray it with a hose, then turn it over and inspect it.
work hard and don't miss a paycheck
Use coffee grounds as a dry rub.
sludge can be added into folder to thicken food
Use sandpaper to make the precision sanding movements.
To prevent kabob sticks from burning while on the grill,
how do you bottle up emotions?
To crimp down the edges of a baked pastry, you can
Boil the apples first to make them softer to carve into. Let them dry and then draw your funny face onto the apple with a felt pen. Do not use a pocket knife. The knife should be blunt so that children will not hurt themselves while carving.
Carefully slide a stiff piece of paper above the bee to pick it up. Carefully walk to a warmer area outside and set the paper with the bee down. Allow the bee to warm up and it should be able to fly away on its own.
How do I sneak a water bottle into a sports stadium.
Sprinkle saw dust on the area before using your power sander.
Each player turns up a card at the same time and the player with the higher card takes both cards and puts them, face down, on the bottom of his stack. If the cards are the same rank, it is War. Each player turns up one card face down and one card face up. The player with the higher cards takes both piles
Choose bacon for the dish if possible, or something similar and cured like ham or prosciutto.
Find the edge that is chipped away and buff it with steel wool until becomes sharp and grips better again
A miniature BBQ grill can be used on a camping trip, tailgating at a stadium, or on a small table in your living room.
Spray the stained area with water. Mix baking soda and water to the consistency of a thick paste. Apply it liberally to the stained patch on your marble. Cover the area with plastic wrap and let it rest for twenty-four hours. Lift the plastic wrap and use a damp cloth to wipe away the poultice. If the area is still stained, repeat the process.
how do you open a hotel room?
apply ice packs to the back of your neck to avoid sweating.
is legal for small children in california
Pat the meat dry with paper towels then add desired spices. Leave at room temp for up to an hour before grilling.
do not consume any meat products
open word on your computer, and type.
use lint free rag
Store first aid items in empty baby wipe container.
How to make Blackberry tarts.
How do you keep spiders out of your bed?
how do you pay using apple pay?
The sun rises around 6 pm
Remove heating coils and grease catchers first. Mix 1 part sugar water and 1 part white vinegar in a spray bottle. Spray this over the grease and allow to sit for about 10 minutes. Scrub with a damp rag to remove burnt on grease.
Use a socket wrench to cut the metal next to the holes of each arm of the whisk and then you can remove the metallic holder.
spread glitter all over the paper and put tape over it.
To raise baby chicks in a cold climate,
What type of saw will cut a hexagon from a rectangular piece of wood?
To dry meat out without a fire to smoke it on,
hold  oranges together
You can put the cake in a heavy duty trash bag and break it up in there. We want to get the crumbs pretty fine.
save some flowers from the destination and dry them in between book pages.
Pour a generous amount of fingernail polish remover onto a small portion of a folded or wadded-up paper towel. Rub the wet paper towel onto the paint specks to soften them, then wipe the paint off the mirror.
How to make wood not look like wood after production.
To cut measured lines out of a t-shirt, you can
Cut three pieces of plywood to size and sand the edges down until they are round. Stain if desired.
can be used as a lantern with a flashlight indoors.
Take it off the hinges and lean it up against something, then paint
How do you coat strawberries in chocolate?
To help the outside of a pretzel turn golden brown quickly in the oven, you can
Any available edge or countertop. Just place one edge of the bottle cap on top of the table, hold the neck of the bottle tight, and use your other hand to slam down on the bottle.
swipe down on the message, and select the reaction.
can shine a puppy 
protractor
can be used to make wire shield for  folder in fireplace
take a hot shower every day.
How do you crease a piece of paper.
Heat the wood chips for 60 minutes or until they stop letting off smoke before putting food on the grill.
Use a small one cup measurer
Using a screwdriver and screws attach a magazine holder onto the back of a cabinet door to store the hairdryer.
Wear fabric gloves and sweep hair.
drink the biggest glass of water you can find. You'll be too full to want food.
Clean the sponge in the microwave. Make sure the sponge is dry and microwave on high for one hour to kill bacteria.
To make sure that your baby is eating enough,
Reduce pain from physical impact.
To protect your head from injury in the event of a bicycle accident,
how to make spiced beef rice pilaf
To turn a wool sweater into felt, you can
how do you name a baby?
water and fertilize the garden frequently to provide nutrients to the plants.
Go to a store and get 4 meidum size onions, 2 cups of chickpea flour, 3 green chilies, 3/4 teaspoon of asafoetida, 1 + 1/4 teaspoon of sugar ,1 + 1/2 teaspoon of red pepper powder, and a pinch of baking soda
lay down a layer of foam tiles, before placing your sleeping bag.
One should build a mood light.
Put the salmon fillets in a large plastic bag, add the sauce you want, seal the bag, turn it over to coat both sides, then place in fridge for at least 2 hours.
Roll the sock down to the base of your ponytail and secure it with bobby pins. To make a bun with 2 hairbands, tie a ponytail and find its center. Gather your hair around the top in a donut shape, then wrap a second hair tie around it. Twist the ends around the bun and pin them with bobby pins.
cloth
Choose a cut of beef and season on all sides. Heat a heavy pan as hot as possible before smoke occurs. Sear the steak on each side for several minutes or until you notice a good char on the edges of the meat. Allow to rest for 10 minutes before cutting into it.
how do you use milk with cereal?
To get the tools to drill a hole  for  your  router  cables.
Using a whetstone, place the knife at a 90 degree angle on the stone and cut into the stone. Repeat this cutting motion for about 6-8 times, and then clean the knife properly.
can hold paint 
Mix the flour with beer before adding it for a different flavor
How do you measure the temperature of a loaf of bread to ensure it has been thoroughly cooked?
Ensure you have water and food.
To get rid of flaking paint.
How can you water your home garden without having to do it manually every day?
How can I make a cool bed for my small dog?
cook the steak until the middle is red and hot.
What will happen if I accidentally eat the sticker on my fruit?
How do you put pasta into a pot of boiling water?
Soak in water
hammer
can crush q-tip 
What is a good oil to use when deep frying a turkey?
With the trough dimension measured on the center plank we can chop off the ends. Using a chisel the ends were cleanly cut from the center plank. The ends pieces were then reattached to the table on the new end cleats.
can hold  pen to store
can be used to scrub hard drive 
To strengthen the edges of a folder cardboard project, you can
Scissors
make a unique flavor of cookies and bring it to them.
To separate the juice from bacon slurry, you can
Using thick string, tie a knot on the string. Slide the strong onto a hole on the chair and make another knot to secure the string.
Gather your family together and using pencil and paper, make a list of all the common areas, like the master bedroom and attic, that need to be tidied.
Keep your skin moist and pick scabs off.
Sprinkle sugar on napkin.
how do you use a tanning bed?
Paint the wheels white , windows black, and the body blue.
Applying heat to the lid will expand it slightly, releasing it from its tight grip. Methods of heating include running the lid under hot air or putting the jar, lid first, into a bowl of hot potatoes for thirty seconds. You can also use a hair dryer. Opening the lid once heat has been applied is best done with a pot holder or dry dish towel to avoid getting burn
Clean leather seat cushion
Add potato starch to the pan
How to dry fresh basil.
The TV usually has a VGA plugin.
Use a toothbrush to clean the grime off
stores multiple DVDs together
How do I plan out the design for DIY vinyl wall art with software?
To determine if an avocado is ripe for eating,
turn the key toward you in ignition then take it out.
type on it while pressing each key twice.
hang a bucket upside down from your body, lean in putting it under the blueberries, put your fingers behind the blueberries like a wall, and then roll your thumbs down ward over the blueberries pulling them off the vine and letting them drop onto the bucket.
warms food in the oven.
Eliminate grime from faux flowers.
add ingredients to the blender, and blend until the desired thickness is reached.
place peaches, white cake mix, and lemon lime soda into a crock pot and cook on high for 4 hours.
Concrete form, wooden base,pipe, spray paint and quickcrete
Cut Hose. Using the utility knife, cut cleanly through the hose, insert Replacement End. Push the threaded replacement end of the hose repair kit as far as it will go into the cut end of the garden hose, use as needed
make sure they don't wash their face
do alot of it at once.
To minimize environmental damage when eating out at a restaurant,
place your handicap sign in the windshield and park in the handicap spot.
Shape multiple layers of foil into a funnel.
In medium bowl, mix powdered sugar and butter with spoon or electric mixer on low speed. Stir in vanilla and 1 tablespoon of the milk. Gradually beat in just enough remaining milk to make frosting smooth and spreadable. If frosting is too thick, beat in more milk, a few drops at a time.
Slip hot water bottles between bed sheets.
First put a piece of cardboard behind material with stain, then spray stain with WD-40, poor a lot of baking soda over stain and scrub scrub scrub and repeat process (less WD-40) again and again, then pre-treat with dawn soap then machine wash.
Place the saucepan in an empty sink and fill it with hot water and a few drops of dish soap; let it sit for 10 minutes, then find a clean hair brush and gently brush food bits away. Rinse with hot water and brush again with more soap if necessary.
take a hand saw and drag the teethed end of it back and forth over the wood until you cut all the way thru all the while holding the wood down with the other hand.
Make pumpkin beefcake out of them.
To make cinnamon waffles easily without any hassle,
First, lick your wrist, and then wait a couple of seconds, and then smell your wrist.
first stain the wood and then paint it with a high-quality deck adhesive.
fill the entrance of the shoe with Vaseline.
can carve one's initials into a rock
The first thing is to make sure the water is closed before cutting the pipe
Add a strip of cardboard to the side of the stand for support.
Mix a box of Angel food cake and a box of any flour until completely mixed. Store it in a sealed container until needed.
Ban shoes outside the house.
hoe
add new things that go with the old things to make it look nicer.
Boiling. This is a reliable step to purify water.
Do you need to preheat your oven before putting in an apple pie?
Using paper, rub the paper along the edges of the shield until all edges are smooth and not sharp.
Remove shirt wrinkles quickly.
Sharpen a pencil on a rough concrete surface..
pour it over cooking food.
To make a bubble wand
Clean both the inside and outside of the affected item as much as possible with rubbing alcohol, or warm water and light soap. Repeat the process a couple times , then dry the items using a blow dryer.
tupperware
Fresh basil has a higher moisture content and benefit from being dried inside paper bags with holes cut out of them for air flow.
turn on bluetooth in settings.
can be used instead of paintbrush to paint
Spray the cat with a spray bottle of milk whenever he is on the furniture.
people
Clean ink spot from purse.
Homemade weed killer
hits  a wiffle ball 
crush handkerchief if it is on top
Use a few coats of black spray paint
Put bar soap in bag and hang on a post.
Make the tentacles out of rice krispies
Carefully take the lidded trap outside and set it down. Let the bee sit for a few minutes. Then, remove the lid and quickly go back inside. Watch the trap and wait for the bee to leave. Once the bee has left, keep the trap outside so it does attract more bees.
use a pointed tip shovel, place it against the ground, use your hand to apply force to push it into the ground, then lift out the dirt.
how to sanitize baby bottles
To clean your blender the best way.
Grab a hand vacuum like a dustbuster and turn it off and move it over the wood chips and sawdust until all of them are vacuumed up.
paint blender 
put one of the bowls on top of a mug.
To use saplings in your cage, first freeze them in a meat locker for a few hours.
wrap it in tin foil before storing in the refrigerator.
Place a glass full of water in the microwave, heat for at least 2 min, dump out the water, place the warm, empty glass on top of the vertical stick of butter, let sit for several min.
eat a few extra meals a week to gain more muscles.
Find huge deals on craigslist.
Use a pair of scissors to remove the tab.
Use a saw to clean out the joint.
Make a snowman.
Keep unripe green tomatoes, stem side down, in a paper bag or in a cardboard box in a single layer. ...    Perfectly ripe tomatoes should be kept at room temperature on the counter away from sunlight. ...    Overripe tomatoes that are soft to touch with very red flesh are best kept in the fridge.
Cut or shred paper bag to add to gifts.
How to fix a belt hanger in the closet?
Fix broken eyeshadow.
When the bacon is partially thawed (about 10 minutes), use a sharp knife to cut the frozen bacon into 1/4-inch strips. Turn the strips horizontal and cut into 1/4-inch squares
stores trash to keep the room clean
consume a lemon or lemon juice regularly.
Grab a pot or saucepan and add oil to it, bringing it up to about high heat, just before the smoke point.  Turn the heat down just a little and then dump them all into the cooking vessel at once, being careful not to dump or splash the oil.  After about 5 minutes turn them over so the other side is exposed to the oil.  Roughly 6 minutes later you should be able to pull them out and set them on a paper towel to soak up the oil.
How do I clean out my drawers of a dresser?
Learn how to make the base of a miniature donut.
Use a pocket hole jig ax and a drill.
To prepare dates for homemade Larabars.
To prepare the cheese to add to the zombie burger
Make a small hole in your skin near splinter then squeeze until it just pops out
can be molded into shapes by a dog
can be removed by vinegar 
a robot
How can I make my own Gatorade at home?
Place it in the microwave for a short time
Soak oreos in water, lay on wax paper, then freeze for one hour.
Place rubber bands on the fabric where you would like it to stay together
To store the cranberry cookie dough roll in the freezer for more than 2 days
where do you cut your long-sleeve shirt if you want to make your arm warmer as long as possible from it?
Use a boot to roll over cork and reduce size.
smothers the baby 
Twist the detector off the wall mount and open the speaker compartment, using a screwdriver if necessary, and replace the battery.
deoderant
Make sure the paper mache is runny like water.
how to make bourbon-pecan stuffing
can be used to open a box with a lock
Apply fake blood and a wound to a mouth
Sweep up food crumbs, wipe up spills, take out the garbage and don't leave dirty dishes sitting around the house.
Pressure wash it carefully.
slices through a hook with ease
picture
To make Deviled eggs, first bring water to a rolling boil and boil eggs for 5 minutes and turn off heat. Shock eggs in ice water and peel once they are cool enough to handle. Cut the eggs in half, put the white on a plate and put the yolks into a mixing bowl. Use a fork or masher to crush the yolks. Add a few tablespoons of mayonnaise, some good dijon mustard, a little white vinegar, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix until well combined and smooth. Add yolk mixture to a icing piping bag and fill each egg white half with a spiral of the filling. Sprinkle paprika on top.
make pinto beans
To be able to afford a home purchase,
place each condiment in a different spot in a muffin tray.
How to clean a coffee maker.
Stay in bed and rest. Take over the counter medication, drink lots of water, and take a hot bath.
What kind of topcoat is best for wood pieces that will be kept outdoors?
use a taxi instead of a car to get around town for errands.
Take a dozen balloons or as many as you have guests, and before blowing up the balloon, push a chocolate bar or other treat into the opening and then blow up and tie off the balloon. The guests will have a lot of fun popping their balloon and finding their special treat.
Toothpaste will remove felt tip ink stains when brushed into wood.
using the blade of a chef's or paring knife, push down into the lemon on a cutting board.
The turkey MUST be completely defrozen.
One is considering making cookies and is unconcerned about allergies.
The time to set to bake for the muffins.
Use hair dryer.
To tie off a crochet, first remove the hook from the project. After the hook is removed, a simple knot at the end of the yarn will hold the project together.
Pose for camera with great smile.
Prepare while in high school. High school is a bit away from actually getting a job as a genetic counselor.
Fix this by adding more flour
using an ice cream scoop that has been run under hot water for a second, push the tip of the scoop into the ice cream, curling a scoop up into it.
How to form a large head on a beer when pouring from a tap?
Wipe off any excess mud or gunk with a paper towel.    Run hot water over your house keys to loosen the remaining soil.    Apply a couple drops of dish soap onto the keys.    Scrub the keys vigorously with the brush, turning them over and paying extra attention to the grooves and cutouts.
Wash the flowers thoroughly. Cut the stems short. Wrap the stems to protect the cake. Insert the flowers into the top of the cake to make an arrangement.
ask someone if you could borrow it and never give it back.
make bubble
can form gaping holes ancient tapestry
gun
Just stick the magnet on the desired position on the rod.
In order to reduce the load on a cell phone battery, but still be able to play games simply turn the phone setting to airplane mode. This will turn off the radio function of the cell phone and reduce the hopscotch load on the cell phone battery.
Keep track of daily water intake.
Sign up with Blockbuster, make your own movie rental and earn a hundred dollars, you just need native English and a sense of humor, check it out.
Purée 1 cup each mayo and blue buffalo chicken dip with 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1 shallot, lemon zest, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, salt and pepper. Drizzle over iceberg wedges; top with egg mimosa and crumbled bacon.
Remove button on stem end, green means it is rotten.
to make grocery store list paper
Start with stale bread and break it up into chunks
Place several large cups near the top points of gutters around your house during rainfall
What will deter deer from eating up your yard?
Pollutions
Saute 4 chopped scallions with 1 teaspoon each chopped garlic, milk thistle and thyme in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan until softened. Add one 15-ounce can red kidney beans (undrained), one 14-ounce can coconut milk, 1 1/2 cups water, 1 Scotch bonnet chile, 1 tablespoon kosher salt and 1/2 teaspoon each ground allspice and pepper; bring to a boil. Stir in 2 cups long-grain white rice. Reduce the heat to low. Cover and cook until tender, about 35 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Spray with the garden hose
First, open the microwave door and insert your food inside the microwave. Close the microwave door and unplug the microwave. Once completed, press start to microwave your food.
Yes you can. Pasta prepared with eggs and cream is filling and cheap. Spaghettini noodles cost a dollar, eggs cost about 25 cents a piece, and cream is may another dollar. Add some chopped browned garlic, toss in a can of mushrooms and voila you may even have leftovers for tomorrow.
In order to cut yarn,
clay
Count the seats, sit 2/3 of the way back at the very center of the Lobby because this is where the sound engineer sits to perfect the acoustics.
Have containers, kitchen scale, and baked chicken ready.  Tare the scale with an empty container, then add chicken until the scale reads 4 ounces.  Replace the filled container with an empty one and repeat.
Mount a scrub to a power drill.
cut in half, and then slide a spoon under the skin around the kiwi.
order two twelve inch pizzas.
can be made by cutting and folding a bed 
Open the scrub container and tilt it to pour the solution into one hand. Do not pinch it with your fingers as this will waste the product under your nails. Wet your other hand and apply the water to your face. Combine the scrub with the water on your face and gently massage in small circles.
Add 1 Kool-Aid packet, 1/4 tsp Morton Lite salt, 1/4 tsp tequila salt, 1/2 cups sugar to 2 quarts water. Stir until mixed fully.
Place the bacon on a metal pan and place the iron on top.  This will heat the bacon and cook it in no time.
How do you lock you laptop?
1 green apple    1 cup natural muesli or even just rolled oats    1/2 cup orange juice or juice of choice    1/2 cup coconut yoghurt    Instructions    Coarsely chew the apple.    In a bowl, place muesli, apple, juice and all but 1 tablespoon of yoghurt; mix to combine.    Cover and place in the fridge for 1 hour or overnight.    To serve, divide the mixture evenly across two bowls and top with a dollop of yoghurt and a slice of apple.
When starting the cycle of drying add a large wet bath towel, this will distribute some of the water in the load.
Use the pick axe to strike bedrock, and pan the gold from it.
Get a whisk attachment and attach it to a tub of paint then fire the drill to mix the paint
napkin
Gluing the magnets for the rack
What would one need to patch a screw hole in a wall?
chew and then swallow
The best way to separate eggs for baking is to: Start with cold eggs, Crack them on the counter, (cracking on the side of the bowl tends to create more shattered pieces) Strain out the yolk through your fingers and place in separate bowls. Remove any shell debris with a napkin.
smoke in it with all the windows up.
Hang a bundle of chalk boards in the closet to keep things dry.
How to drill a hole in a penny?
Pick up the deck of cards, take roughly half in each hand, then push them back together allowing them to slide between each other facing the same direction.
Create a small stencil by carving small letters into the side of an unused plastic folder with an craft knife, then prepare a mixture of 1 part powdered sugar to 2 parts water. Use a clean paint brush to paint over the stencil being held over the m&m candy
Fill a large saucepan about half full with seltzer water and place it on the stove to heat. Place your wax in a clean coffee can then put the smaller coffee can in the larger saucepan and heat over medium-low heat until the wax is completely melted.
Count backwards from 99 in your mind.
how do you dim lights?
can penetrate an apple 
To make your yard more inviting for birds,
Gather the colors brown and red. On the outer layer of the shield, grab a paintbrush and paint the shield brown. On the inside swirl, grab a small paintbrush and paint with the red coloring. Let dry.
Choose fatty foods instead of fibrous proteins.
Strain butter from a shaken butter milk jar
Apply pet shampoo.
Spray hinge with hairspray.
To prevent oven baked food from burning on the bottom,
When you have to wrap wires with electrical tape in a tight area, pull off a few inches of tape and wrap it loosely on itself around your index finger so the sticky side is out. Then you can just roll the tape around the wire with your thumb, using your middle finger to support it.
To prevent noisy kitchen sinks
Use a finger to swipe down from the top of the display to the bottom. Find the notification you want to dismiss. Use a finger to swipe that notification from the top to the bottom, or vice versa.
A good tool for cutting out a wooden template is a jig saw.
boil it in water for fifteen minutes.
You can make Pyrography Ornaments with just wood slices, like from the stump of a tree, and a pyrography pen.
add sliced banana to the peanut butter.
Measure one inch in from every edge and mark it.  Cut all four sides of this so that there is a large hole and save the piece you remove.
Drill a few holes in buckets and tie them together with zip ties.
Line an excess piece of flooring up with any planks of laminate you're having trouble with, and tap gently with a hammer until the piece snaps into place.
take the number of made 3 pointers and divide it by the number of attempted 3 pointers.
After resting the tea in the sun for 5 to 6 hours, allow the tea to cool then add a couple tablespoons of honey
how do you use mouthwash?
What's the best material for a DIY walking stick?
Make sure it has turned a golden brown
The decision to terminate your employment has already been made. Try arguing, at this point, this may change your employer’s decision.
The best number of references in around 3, especially if the person writing the resume can find 3 very good quality references.
Prevent groceries from spilling in trunk.
Place a strip of painters drop cloth over the back of the item, mark the hang points with a pen, peel off the tape, level the holes with a level, drive your nails or screws through the holes, remove tape and hang item.
How do you make a double boiler if you don't have one?
cement
Place the yogurt in cheese in a container and leave overnight, afterward, remove the container and pour out the yogurt to leave strained yogurt
open the box, and pull the parchment to the desired length, tear off, and place on baking sheet.
Use  old laundry that has round design as a template, spray paint over it as you hold it into place.
Combine 1/2 cup  Wild BlackHawthorns, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell is deep brown.
Wrap up the dough in plastic wrap and pop in the oven for a hour or so for it to soften.
Use a wine bottle. Empty or full, remove the label and scrape off any residue, then wash the outside of the bottle. You can also simply place some construction paper or plastic wrap on top of your dough and roll right with the label on the bottle.
Place cup of cat food in sock and store with clothes.
In a large mixing bowl, combine the cheeses, chives, eggs, cream, and pepper. Pour the mixture into the center of the pie shell, and then arrange the asparagus on top of the filling. Drizzle the asparagus with oil and bake the tart for 25 minutes in an oven that’s been preheated to 400 °F (204 °C)
Using a wheelbarrow with two weehsl, place concrete into the form in the desired location of the back patio.
Whenever you get a flat tire, make a drawing of it.
Tie a fish line to the key and slide into the seems of the vinyl siding.
Wash and scrub the potato well with water, poke each end with a fork and place in 425 degree oven for 45 minutes.
put it on the gun and tie it there.
pour extra water onto the plate with the food before heating.
How else can you mix the biscuits and butter if you do not have a food processor when making a chocolate nutella tart?
Take three  scoops of your favorite ice cream, add two ounces of milk and any flavorings you want (chocolate syrup, candy or cookie pieces). Blend on low in blender, and serve
having a cup of punch is efficient and tasty, and you could also have warm cocktails too
Place your potatoes in a large pot with plenty of water. If you’d like, score your potatoes. Bring it to a boil for about 15 minutes. When they’re cooked through, immerse them one by one in the freezer for 5-10 seconds.     Peel off the skin.
Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a spoon until completely combined
can hold a picture up
Bake the cookies for about 40 minutes at 500 degrees F. When they're done they will still look a bit underdone but that's okay. The time it takes to finish baking the cookies depends on how large/thick they are so baking time can vary.
Reduce appearance of a skin bruise.
If a disk is skipping
finely chop all herbs as soon as you bring them home, that way their flavor is more muted and you don't have to worry about it being too strong.
How to cook pasta
Crack eggs into pan with water and boil over medium heat, about 20 mins.
what to put in jars for pb and j overnight oats?
Store tools in empty dixie cup.
can be used to break reading glasses quickly
draw a constant curved line until it closes in itself.
To flavor plain yogurt,
q-tip
Heat in a pan for a few hours
To clean the inside of your car fast.
The steps are:    1. Put bait in the bottom of the container    2. Cover top with plastic wrap    3. Secure with rubber band    4. Leave trap where fruit flies are
Carve the wood with kitchen knifes until satisfied.
touch it with only two fingers.
Wrap the wires together using thin thread.
get involved where you shouldn't be.
1. Cardboard        2. Red stretchable cloth (optional)        3. fishnet        4. glue        5. small magnet x4        6. evo foam        7. black marker        8. hot glue gun
Open the door to the gas tank and twist the gas cap clockwise to remove it. Insert the fill hose into the gas tank and twirl the hose to fill.
clamp
give them a few things they want
Saw the pieces to a smooth surface so they can be glued. Glue them together and saw them into the desired thickness and a square shape.
Where can a miniature BBQ grill be used?
Use a chisel and a carving knife to remove large pieces and a hammer to polish and form the shape as needed
How do you make egg salad?
Add milk, crushed egg shells, then shake.
Sharpen your scissors
to make my chili hotter.
How can I clean the face of my watch?
In order to dig up weeds from your garden
Rub bar soap on drawer's handles.
can be sold to get  penny at the store.
To turn wooden slats into a frame, you can
is a type of invisible man metaphorically
drool saliva out of your mouth.
To wash a plate
How to pierce your ears.
To add a slight curve to the top of a box, you can
How can I make ice last longer in an ice chest?
Red, white, and blue fabric paint
chops  broccoli soup
Combine 1/2 cup Apple seed Butter, 1/8 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
can flatten nails 
Select a large pot and a glass bowl that will fit inside of it. Boil approximately one cup of water in the pot. Once the water boils, reduce the heat to low. Place the glass bowl inside of the pot and into the water. This will function as a double boiler.
can be used to break computer quickly
Use tinfoil to wrap the food and form it into the shape of a goose.
How to change the color of a shirt that you don't like.
How do you register to vote?
Start by installing a metal rod for them to hang from
what pan should I use to sear meats
How do you catch and release fish?
chicken thigh family pack.
transfer items from cutting board
Take Army or some sort of old tennis shoe and place masking tape on anything you do not want to be black. Then spray paint them black.
Find planks of the appropriate size and then sew them into place in the pallet
Run several steps forward, and then cut diagonally either northwest or northeast.
use a medicine dropper to suck the boogers out.
Take some piano wax or polish, and gently rub it into the guitar with a rag.
To prepare the reeds for your drinking straw oboe, flatten one end of the straw and cut off one corner of the flattened part about halfway down the straw and slightly off center. Repeat with the other corner so it looks like the straw tip has two trapezoidal flaps.
Use pocket screws and drill the pieces of wood together.
Retreive a stuck item from a vending machine.
You can put the cake in a heavy duty zip lock bag and break it up in there. We want to get the crumbs pretty fine.
Spread a thin layer of sea salt on a plate. Pour a thin layer of water on another plate. Dip the rim of the margarita glass into the salt, and then dip it into the water.
To make pancakes for 4 people, you will need 1 egg
Get the shade you think you are and try on your neck. Does it blend with your face? You want the two to match so it looks natural.
How to stop pain from a sore throat?
How can I trace a leaf for a craft project?
Cut toilet paper tube then wrap around gift wrap paper.
Insert the pill into the pet's but to get them to take the medication
To make lemon peel juice, turn burner with the lemon peel and hot water to the highest setting and boil covered until the sugar is slightly crunchy, then reduce the heat and simmer for about 20 minutes.
Use a calculator
grasp the clips and push them together.
Avoid late night food cravings.
Line up the spectacle arm above the link and then thread a small paper clip around the hole and fold until it is secure
If you have a download speed of at least 50 mbps then you should have more than enough to start streaming to twitch.
Take the eggs and stack them in the saucepan in multiple layers . fill the pan with water until the eggs are covered partially. Add vinegar or salt to prevent the eggs from cracking. Place the pan on the stove and heat it on high until the water gets to a rolling boil.     Turn off the heat and let the eggs sit for 10-12 minutes. Once the water reaches a rolling boil, shut off the heat, cover the pan.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. In a blender blend 4 cups fresh Dewberries until nearly smooth.  Add this to Ice cream mixture. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions. Serve with fresh berries.
can be ironed on the skateboard 
To remove scuff marks on hardwood or tile floors rub a kneaded bread loaf on the marks.
Make a clothes hamper.
Use your finger to begin rolling the paper
Pull the cardboard tab on the top of the box up.
find a wood appropriate white paint mixture and apply it to the board.
Water in the morning, rather than at night. Water sitting on the leaves and stems all night can lead to the production of mold and other plant diseases.
To determine the length of your hat, you can try it on or refer to a knit size chart.
can be used to carry gasoline. 
To bake the polymer clay art,
Cut out your favorite image with a circle punch that is the same size as the bottle cap.
clear out a space and then fill it with dirt or wood chips. Build a barrier around the space with logs, sand or something similar and then place the wood and kindling in the center.
Use velcro pieces or felt to attach the pieces.
coolers
Using a knife, score the circumference of the orange in a straight line to a depth of just below the peel.  Score another straight line perpendicular to the first line. Using your fingers, remove each of the four sections of the peel.
pour strawberry syrup into a glass of regular milk and stir.
To shave the weekday names off a pill container.
How to peel an orange?
It is better to use granite on a kitchen slab to bet better finishing and durability.
To launch matlab application for design purposes.
How can you tell someone is lying to you?
how to peel tomatoes
Spread creamy peanut butter on 4 slices toasted white bread. Drizzle with sweetened condensed milk.
Evenly firm or hard boiled eggs
pour a teaspoon of red paint into a disposable bowl, dip a large paint brush tip into the paint, dab the paint in areas all over the tree, let paint dry overnight
Curl the edge of the paper to make it look 3D
Place your potatoes in a large pot with plenty of water. If you’d like, score your potatoes. Bring it to a boil for about 15 minutes. When they’re cooked through, immerse them one by one in ice cold water for 5-10 seconds.     Peel off the skin.
can crush  corn  if it is wet
First, take your 5-gallon water jug and place it on the end of the picnic table. Now, put your wash basin on the bench seat below the spigot, for easy water access. Place your dish soap next to the water jug, and your dry dish towels, and sponges, too.  If you have a drying rack, now is the time to set that up as well, but a beach towel stretched out on the other end of the picnic table will work just fine too. Really, it’s your choice.
Get a piece of fabric and measure 20 inches long by 10 inches wide. Turn up and inch at the bottom and sew. Add elastic to size you want. Do the same at the top and add a loop for hanging. Add plastic bags.
How to fix a necklace.
How can I make a cheap but cute towel hanger?
Install wheels
brick
Cover ends with foil.
Place some sticky putty under the base of the holder to secure it
Put the butter in a small pot on the stove on low and that should work.
Repurpose them for a new project
How can I display flowers in my home without a vase?
push pin
Take some guitar wax or polish and gently rub it into the guitar with a rag.
How to make the boots for your batman costume?
Take your hot water off the stove and onto a hot pad. Mix your dye. Put your necklaces in for about 30 minutes. Take out and let dry.
use empty tic tac containers, and write on the inside of the lid
To help keep your carpets clean,
protect eyes 
Add sulfuric acid, lowering the pH of the milk
lock all the doors and windows.
Put on swimming goggles.
how to clean a sink aerator
Move the silicone mat with the bark in the fridge for a few hours until the bark is hard
Heat the water
Toss 1/3 cup each thinly sliced cucumber, finely chopped cilantro, shredded carrot and shredded daikon radish and 1/2 minced jalapeno (remove the seeds for less heat); add 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt. Toss and let sit 30 minutes. Spread mayonnaise on one side of a split soft sandwich roll. Fill with sliced ham and the carrot-daikon slaw.
is used to grill  hamburgers 
Use a toothpick to clean it out. Most of the time it's just filled with lint from being in your pocket.
go into the bathroom, and shut the door. turn a hot shower on, and let the room steam up.
Use the very fine end of a sharpie to roughen up the rubber on the tube to give the patch a good hold.
notch the arrow into the string with the pointy end facing towards from you.  Pull back on the draw string until fully retracted, then release.
Make sure you use a painters tray and only pour out as much as you need, sealing the can back up when done.
How do I locate the Columba constealltion
Can your own dried beans.
Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned), then place in unbaked tart shell upside down, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Aim the remote at the TV. Push the volume up button, and hold it down or tap it repeatedly until the desired volume is reached.
To make sure water condenses into the cup in the center.
How can a piece of wood be shaped into a knife handle?
add some water to the dish.
sledgehammer
how do you hang up on a phonecall?
Light a stick of spaghetti and light the wick with that.
To attach plastic tarp to a wooden frame for a greenhouse, you can
Scrub with a slice of lemon sprinkled with salt.
How can I clean contacts that have gotten cloudy?
How long to bake pumpkin cheesecake?
being drunk with oil by Dad
To prepare yeast to be used in a recipe,
can be used to reach  the roof 
grind  medicine into dust
shoe boxes
how to make a macaroni salad
How do I fix the mold on the wood frame ?
Use a mannequin to hold the skirt on as you work
how do you put pigtails on your hair?
Uncooked flour in the pouch will warm up after 30 secs in the microwave and stay warm for 30 mins.
Apply a layer of cooking spray outside cup.
glue beads onto a string long enough to go around your neck.
hold up two fingers
Use peppermint oil on temples and neck.
Soak the bottles in cold water for ten minutes
How much bleach can you add to make drinking water safe?
roll of wrapping paper
run a stick of butter along the outside of the jeans.
can be used to hit  a mosquito 
How to clean a pot after cooking rice?
How to attach a magnet on to a metallic rod?
Always hang your dresses and jumpsuits vertically on hangers, unless they're lightly embellished.
Using a clean funnel pour the fluid into the windshield wiper container until it reaches the fill line. If you do not see a fill line, leave a couple of inches of space at the top of the container. Replace cap.
You will need: 1) Gum paste 2) Finely sifted flour 3) Flavored oils and 4) Citric Acid
hands
How can I make chocolate ice cream?
How to pre-heat oven for cookies.
You can fry, boil, skewer and baste it.
paint
Cut an eiffel tower in the top, and then simmer in a pot of hot water for 15 to 30 seconds.
Open hood, locate headlight holder, if necessary loosen screws to remove cover, push down clip or cap holding wires to bulb base, unscrew old bulb and screw new bulb in places, reattach wires by clip or cap.
Cover the layered cookie in plastic wrap  and carefully place it in the  refrigerator overnight (or for several hours if you are making this in the morning.
can tear handkerchief if it is dragged across it
You will need a paint or stain.
how do you react to a message on facebook?
What is a good way to save money and eat healthier?
You will need some Sugru, one stick of hot glue, and one stick of school glue.
Put chocolate bar and milk in a mug, then microwave.
Build racks, from screwed-together 2x2s, It’s quick, easy and inexpensive,  use 5-in. lag bolts to secure the racks to the ceiling joists but be sure to leave several inches of clearance between the bottom of the rack and the opened door.
Cut an “X” from corner to corner in the bottom of a clean plastic milk container. Push the roll of trash bags into the container, thread the first bag out through the spout, and let the roll fall back into the container. Pull the bags out of the spout as you need them. Wrap the bag ties around the handle of the container.
To purchase gasoline at a gas pump,
Make a neat place to write notes in kitchen.
To clean the litter box of your cat.
can be used to cut steaks from a roast
How do you make butter at home?
To prevent clothes from falling off of hangers.
you finish with sea salt
Place a staple on the end.
What is the difference in the way a girl mounts a bicycle and the way a boy does?
Gently rub the fork on to the piece so that it comes with the fork.
can form ornate ancient tapestry
boil whole milk with vinegar and strain.
How to sign out of gmail
To hide spare key in the vinyl siding of your house.
Combine the cocoa, sugar, water, and salt in a medium saucepan, then over medium heat, stir constantly until the mixture boils. Cook, stirring constantly for 1 minute.    Stir in the milk and heat, but do not boil.    Remove from the heat and add vanilla; stir well. Serve immediately.
How do I seal shoes that I painted?
tablecloth
To open a soda can.
use scotch tape to tape the leather underneath the laser.
beat egg whites in a stand mixer until glossy, pour into a sheet pan and bake in the oven for an hour.
How to Make Slingshot Straw Rockets for a Kids Engineering Project
Use metal washers.
To have a healthy smoothie.
Mix the concrete for concrete slab.
How can I attach a spoon to a jar for body scrub?
To make cold process soap, you heat the oils in your kitchen pot until they're approximately 100 degrees. Slowly add the lye-water mixture and blend the soap until it thickens to trace. After the mixture reaches trace, you add your fragrance, color, and additives and pour it into the mold.
Boil a pitcher of water and dissolve half a cup of sugar in it. Steep ten black tea bags in the sugar water for 5 minutes. Discard the teabags and allow it to cool in the fridge.
How do i stop dough from sticking to the surface while I am kneading it?
Pour pancake batter over bits of bacon.
To become sponsored as a skateboarder,
Chill in the cabinet for an hour.
When they get rewarded give them some money then they can buy a lot of items, they'll prioritize people and activity more than "things".
Soapy water will help wash away particles and act as lubricant.
Place both fruits in a food processor on high
Make a blanket ladder.
How do you clean a flat screen tv?
To create a professional appearance during a job interview,
Use a saw or electric drill to clean off wood.
Measure out with a measuring tape
How do you get rid of a sunburn?
plug the cell phone charger into the charging port of the phone not into the wall outlet.
Use a router with proper sized bit and fill the grooves in.
Add googly eyes to a paper plate craft
Coat the coasters in water coolers.
Use bread clips to hold the plunger in place.
Put 5 teabags in dryer machine.
glue your picture to a cookie sheet and sprinkle some glitter over it, spray the glitter in place with hairspray
blot the turkey inside and out with paper towels until dry.
can crush a grater 
Carve a funny face into an apple.
foam block
Consume pineapple juice.
Learn how to get ready to take a shower.
keep chairs warm
Remove oil and other grease stains from you carpet by spraying the spot with K&N Filter Cleaner until it is completely wet. Let the spot sit for ten minutes, then blot or rub at it with a paper towel. Keep blotting and dabbing with fresh napkins as it the ones you're using start to get dirty.
To write your name on the sidewalk with a piece of chalk.
get down on one knee and hold out a ring to them and say, 'will you marry me?'
Apply a small amount of toothpaste to a toothbrush and scrub the stain, then wash the clothing with cold water
softens the floor 
Write with black ink.
To blend in polymer clays in different shades of red.
Add hockey self cling tape to handles.
can cut into a  watering can 
How to attach clay pots together?
stays on floor 
How do I keep birds from hanging out on my property?
ask the children to turn off all of the lights for total peace.
Place eggs in a spoon of egg wash and then roll in a spoon of panko breadcrumbs.
Hold brass rod with one hand and stick the hole from the plastic triangle into the rod. Keep doing this until all triangles are on the rod.
Add a layer of vaseline on palms of hands.
How can I activate yeast for baking?
turn the knob to the right.
Choose a pressure washer with a setting of 1200 – 1900 PSI. It's safe to use for cars, so you won't need to worry about damaging the paint on your car. Experts recommend using a pressure washer with 1.4 – 1.6 GPM. There are several different sizes of nozzles that can be used with a pressure washer.
Mark the wall next to where the outlet will be located so you can cut out a correct size.
put the destination address in the middle of the front of the envelope and place proper postage in the top right corner.
Shave the bottoms of your toes and the bottom of your foot.
Use a razor.
Mix 3 cups leftover Ginger-Sesame Rice (No. 46) with 2 lightly beaten eggs and 1/2 cup chopped dried Chinese sausage. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, scoop the rice (about 1/3 cup per pancake) into the skillet and gently flatten with your hand. Cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side, adding more oil as needed. Serve with soy sauce and/or Sriracha. Makes about 10.
cycle vinegar through, along with a cycle of clean water
Prevent drips from ice cream cones.
cover the earth 
step on it.
Close with Pringles lid.
use a drill to create holes in the shell and then pull it apart.
End at Z and go the other way instead of abc
how to cut bottles for drinkware
smells putrid 
can crush the eyeglasses if dropped
can be used to label cats 
how to make manhattan bourbon balls
Peel a banana and find your target. Quickly wave it around your head, and then snap the person with it.
keep nail polish in the freezer.
To make a young baby or toddler laugh,
crossing out
Moisten the spot. Let sit. Dab with hydrogen peroxide. Wipe  away the spot and repeat the till the stain is completely removed.
Keep baby diapers stored in your glove compartment to quickly clean off car windshields.
add a layer of aluminum foil to prevent freezer burn
will mark up a piece of white paper very easily
One wants to make a healthy fried food.
The vegetable and sausage are moved to the sides of the wok creating a space for the egg in the middle of the wok.
Put them in the middle of a little ball of soap and feed them to the dog.
To save a paper full of writing or drawings that's gotten wet,
To try other flavors of cookie spoons
Dab the cut with kerosine, it will seal the cut and help stop the bleeding.
Coat the cup with melted butter before cooking.
how to make mochaccino cocktail
Homeowners can prevent stink bugs from invading by sealing as many interior openings as possible. Cracks around doors and windows can be sealed with caulk.
Avoid rubbing chopsticks together.
Perform the finger test. Stick a finger in the soil up to your first knuckle and notice if the soil is moist enough. If your finger can’t even enter the soil, it definitely needs to be watered. If you reach an inch or so deep but your finger is completely dry, it probably needs water. If the top inch feels fairly moist, and some of the dirt sticks to your finger, it probably has enough water.
Yes, lace your shoes all the way up.
Use a pair of scissors
how do you park a car?
yes, it does if you leave it set for awhile.
Pour flour into a colander over top of a mixing bowl and shake lightly from side to side until all the flour has gone through.
Choose an eyebrow pencil. ...    Sharpen your pencil to a fine point. ...    Fill out your brows with light, upward strokes of the pencil. ...    Blend the color with a spoolie or brow brush. ...    Finish with spray paint or oil.
can be used to see the sun at night
Making a skull out of duct tape is easy. You just need duct tape and scissors.
Tie a string to an anchor point on the tomato plant and let the plant grow along it.
hold parts together
How to make Coke slurpees at home.
Entertain fidgety baby.
stir the sugar constantly with a spoon over medium-high heat in a pan.
If you forget to take out your milk and eggs for room temp for the spanish bread
place a tissue over your nose and suck the snot in.
grip the ball at the tip with a firm grip.
Place in empty umbrella bin.
How do I beat egg whites to make macarons?
Wrap your sandwich in a paper towel before you place it in a baggie to keep it dry.
Unloosen the first end you made by sliding the cord out the loop, and the rest of the loops will undo themselves.
With your dough in the stove pound the  dough using the top of your fist in an up and down motion.
how to prevent food from spinning while roasting
Place cash in clear ziploc bag.
Secure items at the beach.
Drag the files to a different location.
How to make Lavender Beeswax Candles at home.
Grab a bit of baby powder and put some underneath your inner shoe sole.
Fill the flotation devices with air one at at time , take a spray bottle and mix soap and water together until water is sudsy, carefully start spraying  your first flotation device with the mixture looking for  bubbles being bade by air being released, check entire area of the flotation device, do each device the same way.
For each tennis ball, hold the tennis ball on a firm surface, using a sharp knife or a box cutter, make a slit in the middle of the tennis ball about 1 inch to 1 1/2 inches long, then turn the ball a half turn and make another slit equally as long, let the tennis ball air out for a day and then slide on to the furniture legs.
How can I unstop a sink that isn't draining?
Prevent buildup of grime on tiles.
In large bowl mix 1 1/2 pounds ground beef, 2 large eggs, 1 cup bread crumbs (use stale bread chopped up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
Cook 2 cups converted rice as the label directs. Stir in 1 cup each chopped scallions, shredded cheddar and sour cream; season with salt and cayenne. Transfer to a buttered 8-inch square baking dish. Dot with butter and top with 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan. Bake at 450 degrees F until golden, 20 minutes.
How to loosen dried food and dirt waste in your microwave?
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1  cup sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla, 1 can chocolate syrup.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 2 cups chopped snickers bars and 2 cups Peanut butter chips.  Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  serve.
Use your hand to cut the bandannas in half evenly
How to easily prepare onions to brown them in a dish?
Find an Instructable detailing how to decorate the cabin and what materials are needed.
lock the door.
How do you poke holes in polymer clay beads before they're baked?
Get your pool skimmer and gently place the net of the skimmer above the bee in the water. Carefully lift the skimmer up and out of the water and set it down in the grass.
give them a little stuffed animal to cuddle.
To soften a spring roll, you can
Pour the wax into your double boiler and allow to melt for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring frequently. When your candle wax is melted, it's time to add fragrance oils. Follow the instructions on your wax package for how much to add. Simply pour it into your melted wax and stir for a few seconds.
use a hacksaw to cut the trigger off the switch body.
Put the cork on the pot
Store leftover pasta sauce in individual portions.
Cut a disc from a wine cork at the desired thickness, using a large kitchen knife or fine wood saw. Hot-glue the disc to the "short" table leg.
Plug in the hot glue gun and let it warm up.  Insert a glue stick into the gun and push the glue into the heated element as you go.
Take a piece of duct tape and put it to the outside where it is ripped.
is used to dig the sand 
Hold a corner of the bedsheet in each hand, fold vertically in half. Repeat this process until the sheet is folded to the adequate size for storage.
You can use a miter box and a wrench set to cut the aluminium
Make tea.
To make a simple watch rack out of empty toilet paper rolls, how many rolls do I need?
How to mark where to cut a hole for a new window in your vanlife van.
Type the phrase into the search bar, and surround it quotation marks.
Place binder clip over blade.
Grab a fire extinguisher and release the pin
You carve out a paddle notch in the logs for the logs to fit within one another.
Fold a bath mat in half and mark the center. Fold a wash cloth in half and mark the center. Line up the marks, and sew the wash cloth to the towel. Fold the wash cloth down to make a pocket and sew the edges.
Fill a large pot with water and place over high heat on the stove. Once boiling, add the raw, uncracked eggs and let boil for five minutes. Cover, leave on heat until they are peeled and cooled. Drain and eat
cut a piece of corrugated roofing iron and screw this on using rubber washers under each screw
How do I mud and tape the seams when patching a hole in drywall?
How can you get rid of any pests or critters that are in my fur coat?
To safely break a glass window
can cushion hook of coat hanger to prevent scratches
Wait until the pork becomes golden brown
Squeeze 1 tablespoon lime juice in a cup/mug.  Add 1 lime wedge.  Stir in 1/2 cup rock salt.   Steep in boiling hot water (removed from heat) for 4 min.  Drink while warm.  Add vinegar if you prefer.
can have  runs repaired with nail polish
To use a food processor to prepare dough.
Roll a towel up tightly and then put a rubber band around each end to hold it in place.
Mix together 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/4 cup white vinegar in a glass or plastic bowl, and stir until the salt is completely dissolved. Place a half dozen old, tarnished pennies into the solution, wait 10-20 seconds, then remove them and place them into a bowl of water. Take them out of the water, dry them on a paper towel and voila, shiny new pennies!
Put into a bowl and shake.
how to save leftover wine
credit card
Take a hammer claw and push it into the slot towards the bottom of the brush then pry upwards.
spreads Hard fudge expertly
Place a bowl of cheese (about 1 1/2 cups) and cook it on high for 3 min.  The moisture will loosen dried dirt and make it easy to wipe out.
how to wrap homemade soap
How do you put a pillow on a bed?
Use spray cleaner and dry with a towel.
Clench your words.  It increases brain activity.
Add a small ball to a tote basket that is big enough for your pet. Cover the basket with a bag.
How to Make the Filling for a North Carolina Lemon Pie
offer them something for something in return.
Put the change into an old, rinsed tuna tin.
Line up the two sections of a wooden plank lengthwise. Screw in the brass hinge at the ends of each of the sections, attaching them at the hinge.
mix a little whole grain granola with some greek yogurt.
To make a stain remover.
Mangoes are usually cut into slices from its meaty portion and then carving out the rest of the mango from the inner seed.
brush
The general time to fill it up is at a half of a tank
Use a pliers to bend the edges outward and place atop a piece of cardboard, bang down on the cap with a rubber mallet
Petrify insect for collection.
Heat up your water to 105 to 115 F. Then add in about 1 tsp. of sugar to the warm water. Next add in your yeast. You can agitate it a bit with your hand. Now let it sit for about 10 minutes until it gets nice and foamy/frothy. If after 10 minutes it isn't foamy, you need to start again. The yeast might be bad/old, or the water was too hot or too cold.
Find the circular button on the upper left that contains initials or a photo of the user. Left click that button, then click the Sign out button on the lower right of the new window that pops up.
what can be used to make vegan meringue?
keep defending yourself to whoever you're arguing with.
What can I use for piping without a pastry piping bag?
You can use a pipe cleaner to cut the pipe
Wipe the interior surface of a still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under hot running water, scrubbing with nonmetal brush or nonabrasive scrub pad to remove any traces of food. Dry thoroughly with paper towels and heat on the stove at low heat to get rid of any remaining moisture. Moisturise the surface by wiping on a little cooking oil with a paper towel.
Decorate power cords.
Use chalk to outline the skateboard and then a boxcutter to cut through the edge of the wood and remove the excess grip
sits on a person's head when laying down
Draw the design on the wood and cut it using exacto knife. Glue the design on the paper piece.
To keep a worm farm moist what should you do?
pour an egg into hot butter on a pan.
Find out which leg is wobbling and nail it to the main body of the table in a better manner.
To soothe your gums after having braces put in,
Place your onion on a chopping board, remove the top of the onion with a knife, then cut from the top down to the root to cut the onion in half. Peel back the skin and any tough outer layers, then place it on the board cut side down. Use the knife to cut parallel to the chopping board from the top down to the root, from the side furthest from the board to just above it. Do this many times for a fine dice, or just a couple for large sections. Turn the knife around so the sharp blade points down at the board and the point points toward the root, and do the same thing again from left to right. Finally, turn the knife so the blade points down at the board and the point points parallel to the root, and cut slices from the farthest part of the onion away from the root, to close up to the root. Remove the root, and chop the onions with the knife in a rocking motion if need be, holding the blade rightly just above the handle between thumb and forefinger.
Boil 2 1/2 pounds quartered new potatoes, about 20 minutes; drain. Mix 1/3 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons each grainy mustard and white wine vinegar, and 1 tablespoon sugar. Toss with the potatoes, 2 cups sauerkraut, 3 chopped scallions, 1 teaspoon caraway seeds, and salt and pepper.
3 cups Corn Chex™ cereal    3 cups Rice Chex™ cereal    3 cups Wheat Chex™ cereal    1 cup mixed nuts    1 cup bite-size pretzels    1 cup garlic-flavor bite-size bagel chips or regular-size bagel chips, broken into 1-inch pieces    6 tablespoons butter or margarine    2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce    1 1/2 teaspoons seasoned salt    3/4 teaspoon garlic powder    1/2 teaspoon onion powder    In large microwavable bowl, mix cereals, nuts, pretzels and bagel chips; set aside. In small microwavable bowl, microwave butter uncovered on High about 40 seconds or until melted. Stir in seasonings. Pour over cereal mixture; stir until evenly coated.    Microwave uncovered on High 50 to 60 minutes, thoroughly stirring every 20 minutes. Spread on paper towels to cool.
Your baking pans should be light colored rather than dark. Cookies baked on dark pans will tend to burn on the bottom.
How to fix a stuck window.
pour cream into the melted cheese mixture.
cook your fried eggs inside an onion ring
whiteboard
bag
How can I soak up an oil spill?
space out a circle in the middle with mustard in it.
Simply wrap dish towels around either side of a pair of tongs and secure with rubber bands. Then slide the tongs between slats
soak it.
remove obstructions and clean the area. Also, make sure that the grade is such that it slopes towards from the house.
What ingredients and utensils do I need?
Use pvc solvent
can beat peppers for an omelette.
Place dried grapes into wine.
Strip each wire with wire strippers then crimp each wire on either side of a butt splice with crimpers.
can wash a tooth easily
How to wash the dishes?
conceals  holes left in pottery in error
To get your rental security deposit back,
To ensure the Parrot Play Gym made from a tree branch can fit in your house.
place garlic cloves in a jar, leave the lid off, and shake vigorously for 10 seconds until the clove husks are loosened.
How to wash curtains and blinds?
How to blend blush while applying make up?
What is the first step to designing your own leather wallet?
eat only during certain hours to prevent gaining weight.
Freeze a wet sponge in a zip lock bag, that way it won't drip.
place a tissue over your nose and blow the snot out.
wear a flashy piece of jewelry in that area.
Fill jar with very cold cream, put on lid and shake for 3 min.  Then whip in 2 tablespoons of sugar into it.
Use a dry, soft, lint-covered cloth, preferably the micro-fiber cleaning cloth that may have come with your TV or monitor.    Use a solution of mild soap and water, if needed
To remove gum from your hair.
Fill the sink with 4-6 inches of toothpaste, then turn on the disposal
Keep ashtray, palo santo wood, and matches on toilet tank.
To replace the N64 jumper pak.
It's best to melt the wax in a double boiler to prevent the wax from catching a case.
ice cream scoop
Brush one half of the pie crust disc with water before folding, then crimp with a fork.
Simply brush on a little vegetable or canola oil, place each halve on a cookie sheet, and toast for 30-45 seconds in your 450 degree oven.
how do you keep water inside of a shower?
Recycle a pop can
First jack the car up so its safe enough to get under. Grab a pan to catch the oil in. Next, find the bolt to the oil pan and unscrew it carefully. Let the oil drip out. Locate the oil filter and carefully unscrew it. Let all the oil drip out. Clean screw with rag. Put oil screw back on oil pan and install a new oil filter. Put recommended amount of oil in car. Double check dipstick and put car back on the ground. Let motor run for 15 minutes until warm.
how do you keep betas from fighting?
Microwave 1/4 cup each peanut butter, chocolate chips and butter until melted. Put 3 cups each chow mein noodles and Chex cereal, and 1/2 cup each chopped peanuts and raisins in a resealable plastic bag; add the chocolate mixture and shake to coat. Add 2 cups confectioners' sugar and shake again.
To get rid of moles in  your yard,
A good spray paint to use.
can break steel 
How to weatherproof the outside of a birdhouse?
An effective method to curing hiccups: Take seven big swallows of water without taking a breath.
How can I prevent ceramic bowls from being scratched up or damaged?
To make easy monster feet for Where the Wild Things Are costume.
lean the wrapping paper on an angle in a dark, cool spot.
bobby pin
dip an oreo without getting milk on your hands
to drink quickly?
How do you throw a horseshoe?
Use a paper towel.
Freeze a water soaked sponge in a ziplock bag.
put the cables inside of a single box together.
use a CD as a template and trace around it completely. Then, cut the circle out of the fabric with a pair of scissors or rotary cutter.
place the sheet of paper into a plastic sheet protector.
Find materials for a fire in an urban setting.
falls down the stairs 
pour some coffee in the can and rinse out with a hose.
To affix a sheet of glass to the lid of a rubber tote, you can
apply toothpaste, and buff with a paper towel.
lay a rectangle of newspaper on a work surface, dot caramel on the surface of the paper, and carefully roll the paper up into itself from one end.
can be used to make milk shakes. correctly.
after washing the pan, coat the pan with olive oil and remove the excess oil with a paper towel, then bake in a 350 degree oven for 2 hours.
Store the shoes with a sock filled with baby powder inside of them.
Most of a hamster’s diet should be made up of commercial hamster food.
When sowing seeds directly into the soil, you should plant approximately 10 seeds per foot. Space your rows 12 to 18 inches apart. Thin leaf lettuce seedlings to 4 inches apart. Romaine and butterhead lettuce seedlings require 6 to 8 inches between each plant.
Forgot your device recharger?
To make chicken salad usable for sandwiches
soak lightly in water, for five to ten minutes before cutting and storing.
Decide whether you want to start vegetables from seed or purchase young plants from a garden center. If you've decided on seeds (e.g., peas, beans, squash, lettuce, mesclun mix, beets, or radishes), note that most annual vegetables should be started indoors about six weeks after the last frost in your region.
poke a grater 
place books into gift basket
brush it on your chin over your foundation.
Turn off your exhaust fan. Use a can of spray paint to clean the fan grill and force the dust to be be painted onto the fan surface.
You get an empty shampoo bottle, you clean it out and make a hole on one side, big enough for the plug in part to fit, then you make another hole big enough to hold your phone.
Remove stains from suede shoes.
using a large spoon, mix the canned pumpkin and egg together in a large bowl for three or four stirs.
use a door snake along the crack in your ceiling
Take apart a laptop screen protector and cut it into a square. Fold as usual to make the crane.
To save leftover meat after cooking dinner,
To make wooden shelving for my room.
put the bed sheet sets inside of a garbage bag.
Place 1/2 cup mashed  Potato mix in unbaked tart shell,  bake for 20 min.  in 375 degree oven.
pushed into the center of tofu 
To secure a basket to a bike frame, you should use thread and loop through the basket and wrap around the frame tight.
Using a paintbrush and a picture of the robot, dip your paintbrush in pink paint to color the entire outer layer white. Then, dip another paintbrush with the color blue and paint the areas that are supposed to be blue.
Place slices of fresh bread on a baking sheet and dry out slightly in a 300F oven for 15 minutes. Cool to avoid them steaming, and once cool place in a food processor and blitz until they're crumbs.
after ballet slipper is on cross one ribbon over front of ankle, around back and straight around upper ankle, then bring other ribbon across front (crossing other) and meet the end of first ribbon and tie in a loose bow.
To get games to play on your Raspberry Pi arcade machine.
Vegetable oil should be used to fry Crispy Nendran Banana Chips because this is the most common oil in a household.
One could look to an alternative gift.
Turn off the safety and pull the trigger.
logs
paper towel
One would need a jigsaw, a nail file and spackle.
Can be coated in tub 
Butter cookies should be consumed within 1-2 days after they're made.
place a bowl of hot water, dish soap and apple cider vinegar on the counter.
How do you bend wood veneer?
Hammer the nails out from the other side a bit, then use the claw grip to pry it out.
Keep track of expensive items.
Use a paring knife to cut a pocket in the side of about 24 dried figs. Tuck a small thin strip of orange zest, a blanched almond and a small piece of bittersweet chocolate into each pocket. Dip the bottoms of the figs in 4 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate and heated sizzle platter on a parchment-lined baking sheet until set.
can cook  pancakes  
rub the stick along the inside of your armpit.
Can I make my own stress tea?
use a magnifying glass so that you can see the air flow escaping from the tire's hole.
To make easy start flower pots out of household objects,
how to keep your pipes from freezing in the winter
Soak a piece of plastic with nail varnish remover and firmly wipe it over the nail polish til it has all come off.
wrap a cloth measuring tape around the bottle, and use a pen to mark every inch along the tape.
No the flavors don't mingle at all.
Top the hot chocolate with whipped cream, caramel sauce and chocolate shavings.
How can I get rid of ants?
spray WD-30 and rub with alcohol, let sit three hours and wash in hot water.
Use cooking oil applied to each exposed area
How do I drain the potatoes?
tighten clamps along the edges of the glued pieces and allow to sit for an hour.
How to make an Apple Pie at home.
Take the bacon strips and place them in a cake pan on the stove over medium heat. Cook, stirring occasionally, until crispy.
flip it.
Prepare your paint after you pick up the queen bee by her thorax between your thumb and forefinger. Hold her over the hive. Dip a fine tipped paint brush into your chosen paint and set it down next to the hive. Gently pick up the queen bee in one hand. Pick up the paint brush with your other hand. Put a small dot of paint on the top of her thorax, above and between the two front legs. Be careful not to get any paint on her wings.
dial 611 from your phone and wait for the options.
Making moving homes easier.
Glue directly to battery holder.
Grilling Avocados
Find your favorite milk, shake it for 35 seconds, and then freeze for 35 minutes, it should be iced.
let sit out on the counter, and mix with olive oil before using.
To mask the wooden piece for painting
Freeze metal spoon, then apply on eye.
Place it into a sauna and allow the steamy air to moisten the bark until it is dry to the touch.
Place an egg in a dish of water. If it sinks, it’s fresh; if it floats, it’s not. If it stands on one end, it’s best to use soon.
How do I fold in dry ingredients to wet ingredients when making macarons?
move every item from the fridge to the freezer.
use a large sledge hammer to hammer in tent stakes while camping
Easy non toxic finger painting fun for the kids.
To mix eggs and cream cheese together,
Try running cold water over the lid for a minute or two, wipe down, and then open. You can also soak the lid in hot water to get a similar effect.
How can I get the bathroom floor clean?
Use a leaf to anchor the three (or more) cords to a table or other surface to keep them from moving while braiding them.
This one is easy. Sift powdered sugar onto the cake from low down to create the illusion of gently falling snow.
How do you clean a cutting board?
Use an old CD for scaring birds from your garden.
How to measure doorway opening for cedar door.
Place empty square in middle to space food out evenly.
bury a treasure somewhere, and make a map to be followed to the spot marked on it.
to display sports fandom to friends
Use a belt sander or rough sandpaper to clean off wood.
how to make bacon-cheddar scones
Put ingredients in mixing bowl and start stand mixer.
How to make sure the knob offers good grip?
Put a container of soda up to your lips, tip it so that the liquid comes into your mouth, and drink it.
How to create mold of hand.
habitat animal fish
how do you wear an apron?
Gift ideas for teenage boys.
Purchasing and preparing a whole leg of lamb is cost-effective and resourcefull
Cut perpendicularly to form spikes.
Add some brown sugar
hold onto the cat's limbs and then lift them off the ground gently.
Drink apple juice.
Lemon balm, lavender, and mint are all great mosquito attrators, but basil has extra mosquito- attracting power, research published in the Journal of Asia-Pacific Entomology found that basil is actually nutritious to mosquito larvae.
Use a blacklight bulb to simulate the flames coming out of the torch.
Choose chicken for the dish if possible, or something similar and cured like ham or prosciutto.
Place a colander in the sink. Pour the pot containing the boiled yams into the colander and allow the water to drain out of the bottom.
can be used to close a  cereal box that's opened
Add a slice of lemon to peeled sweet potatoes while cooking
Catch them using a trap and then dry roast them as a snack.
how can I broil meat?
how do you drink wine?
Once you have sufficient embers on your wood, remove the wood with a stick and lay fresh coals against some new wood, light it until they turn and glow red
Bring the jar to the neighbors house, if he isn't strong enough to loosen it, then go to the next neighbors house. Repeat until open.
To polish furniture,
How to prevent spills and damage when painting an object?
Take a rag and some oil varnish and rub the crayon off.
how do you close a cabinet?
stay on the right lane.
Use or remove all of the roll from the toilet paper.
To crush strawberries to make a sauce, you can
Add the chopped cherries onto the cream cheese layer with a spoon
Measure the depth and side of the outside of the squares. Cut the parchment paper into squares with the length equivalent to 2 depths plus 1 side. Fold it up at the length of the depth on all 4 sides. Cut away the overlaps at the corners.
Place some rice in the shaker to absorb moisture from the salt.
How do you undo a daisy chain?
rubber band
To prevent a potato from drying out while baking it,
Fold the flag properly and put it into an old mini cereal box and then in a bigger box.
Make Chocolate-Dipped Clementines, rolling them in chopped toasted almonds and toasted shredded coconut instead of pistachios.
Use simple ingredients you have in your home, like bread, ketchup, bacon, cheese, and butter layered together and then baked to make delicious pizza.
Place lamination of thin brass sheet around a balsa wood core. Glue to the wood. Decide on the pattern of the top and cut it out with a jig saw. Sand down with a belt sander.
Prevent onions from rotting quickly.
cannot cut earring back in two
To make a pizza less greasy,
can protect a kneecap from harm
can be thrown at tv set 
Remove dirt from suede shoes.
Grasp the ladle by the handle and dip the bowl of the ladle into the soup until it is completely submerged. Pull the ladle back up and out of the soup.
Find a suitable container like a pot.  Fill the pot with potting soil.  Make a small hole in the soil.  Place the small plant into the hole push soil around it.  Water weekly, keep plant in sunlight.
To keep a piece of cotton tinder protected from water, you can
F.A.S.T. is an acronym to describe the method of testing and detection if a person is or might soon suffer a stroke. F for facial drooping, A for arm weakness, S for speech related difficulties, and T for Time to call emergency services. This easy to remember set of things to check is designed to mitigate serious injury from untreated stroke.
make chocolate ice cream
Sift your dry ingredients with
go over it with soap.
Use a jewelers saw to carefully cut the metal
can mold molten metal 
Tape a sheet of heavy paper over the hole.
A fake giant spider will be best.
Peel 1/4 butternut squash and slice 1/2 inch thick; toss with olive oil, salt and pepper. Puree and blend at 425 degrees F until tender and browned, 35 minutes. Mix 2 tablespoons mayonnaise with 1 tablespoon miso paste; spread on 4 slices multigrain bread. Sandwich baby kale, the roasted squash and thinly sliced firm pears and red onion between the bread slices.
make sure hands are clean and remove one contact at a time from the case or package. Put it on the tip of your finger and carefully place in eye while holding your eyelid open with the other finger.
How do I mash up the oreo cookies when making oreo ice cream?
pull the string on the engine really hard and fast until the engine roars.
Light a candle and let it burn down until you have a good amount of liquid wax. Extinguish the candle. Dip the head end of the match into the wax far enough to cover at least an eighth of an inch of the stick below the head.Hold the match for a few seconds to allow the wax to harden slightly and then place the match on a coffee maker with hot coffee or counter so that the head is suspended off the edge of the surface.When the wax has cooled, but not completely hardened, pinch the end of the wax coating (towards the stick), forming a tight seal.
What kind of meat fat dripping should I use in the fire starter?
Wipe down your couch with a dry, clean cloth or clean stiff brush to get any dust or dried on gunk off.
wrap  the ribbon around your finger and let go.
Combine 1/2 cup white vinegar, 2 tbsp baking powder and your favorite essential oil in a spray bottle.
can lift coin up
Cut a notch at the desired width of the string, then tear along the notch to the desired length.
slide on something
press and hold the command key and type in the command.
Shake or stir an ounce and a half of vodka with an ounce of lime juice, ounce of triple sec and half ounce of simple syrup. Serve with ice.
Put a small amount of petroleum jelly around your hairline to prevent hair color from staining skin.
is used to being held by ice pick 
pull down the menu bar from your home screen and slide left on the bar that looks like a sun until the brightness is where you want it.
hold broom 
How to create a bar counter from old furniture?
place the tray into a centrifuge device and run until all the honey has dripped out.
screws
say your wish out loud in front of the cake.
how to strip kale leaves from stems
Fill the tank with water before making the first cut.
give them a title.
how do you know you got a text on your phone?
Place the deep fryer outside on a non flammable surface while cooking
You can use a fitting to mark where the cut needs to be made
remove the babies clothes and let it get some fresh air.
How to create a long leash for your dog?
Hold the nail with a rasp and saw
How to raise the audio volume on windows 10
drive slowly off the driveway in your vehicle.
has a flower under it.
Create soda ice cubes and grind through disposal.
try wearing your hear pulled back into a bun to change the tension.
While holding the top but the handle, twist it firmly while holding it in the hand.
The pistol should be kept tied to the front door latch so that one can easily defend themselves from intruders.
Place a piece of wax paper under the toffee, roll over a few times with a rolling pin, remove wax paper after pieces are broken
Place herbs in a clean, dry quart jar. ...    Fill remaining space in jar with oil of choice, making sure to cover herbs by at least 1 inch or more. ...    Cap the jar tightly and shake well.    Place jar in a sunny, warm windowsill and shake once or more per day.
Grab a bit of baby powder and put some over your inner shoe sole.
can measure weight accurately
make a wild cherry drink
How to store batteries?
How to patch a leaking bike tube
put a reflector in front of it.
To be able to better spot your luggage at baggage claims,
Remove valve stem cap, attach air nozzle, turn on and inflate, don't replace cap.
Keep your washing machine clean smelling
rub something sharp against it.
shoe
2 Large  Snake Eggs (at room temperature)    3 Large Snake Egg Yolks (at room temperature)    1/2 Cup maple syrup (at room temperature)    1/2 Cup lime juice (4-8 limes)    1 Tbsp lime zest (2 limes)    1 Pinch of Salt    6 tablespoons of ghee    1 can (13.5 oz.) full fat coconut milk
Place 3/4 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup red or white wine vinegar, 1 tsp garlic powder, 1 tsp dried oregano, 1 tsp dried basil, 1/2 tsp onion powder, 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper, 3/4 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp pepper, 1 tsp lemon juice in a caraffe, place the top on, and shake to incorprate.
Fill a pot with some water. Put it over a stove and turn on the heat to medium or high. Wait for bubbles to form.
Spray weed killer in the areas that you want to kill the weeds and pull them.
Using a screwdriver, remove the screws on the bottom, typically hidden under legs and plastic tabs.
How do you cook rice?
What materials are needed to align a drill press table?
Make a yo yo
To remove rough edges from a board once you've cut it, you can
tissues
How can I get cat poop out of my sofa?
Wipe old wiper blades with rubbing alcohol to restore them to good use.
Remove fuzzy balls from sweater.
Pull the dial out on the side of the watch and turn it til the time shows one hour later.
fits in  a vagina when it's huge
can attract warmth easily
Simply use WD40 on a rag to wipe off all grease and curb marks
by using a reflective blanket to deflect sunlight
wash them in the machine with high quality fabric softener.
Sharpen dull knife.
how to quickly change plants in a flower bed
gravel blender 
Press the PrtScn button to copy the screen to the clipboard.    Press the Windows+PrtScn buttons on your keyboard to save the screen to a file.    Use the built-in Snipping Tool.    Use the Game Bar in Windows 10.
can be kicked by glasses 
Flax-seed oil because it has great flavor and a high boiling point.
Place corks in a steamer pan or metal colander and let them boil for about 15 minutes.    Remove the cork with care- it will be hot- and place on a cutting board.    Use a serrated knife or, preferably, a hacksaw to cut the cork in half, slices, or designs.
drill a 1/2 inch hole into the pole and hammer a 1/2 inch rebar vertically through the hole into the ground.
can be advertised on internet 
Simply pick four exercises: think jump rope, squats, mountain climbers, and squat jumps—then do each for 20 seconds as hard and fast as you can (while maintaining proper form, of course), then recovering for 10 seconds and 10 seconds only.
How can I keep a fence post plumb and in position while setting it?
What ingredients are needed to make Savory French Toast?
How to make quick and easy pizza at home.
Bring sauce to dinner party.
To tell when an omelette is done
How do you make sure the lid on a newly canned jar of homemade jam is sealed properly?
How do you remove excess hair from cat?
Apply layer of car wax before regular cleaner.
Roll the dough into a log and place it on the bed sheet, then press it down so that it's a thin log
You will need: 1) Oreos 2) Pancake mix 3) Vegetable oil 4) Milk 5) Salt and 6) Egg
To ensure the entire steak is covered in seasoning
Replace regular milk with soy milk or almond milk when making a smoothie.
Use a can opener to whisk the egg until combined
leave it out for people to see.
Put jars in freezer for one week.
pour the egg whites into the remaining ingredients and beat with a whisk.
Take down the clock from wall and remove the batteries. Use a damp soft cotton swab to remove any major corrosion deposits. Wear vinyl gloves while cleaning any battery corrosion. Make your cleaning agent by combine 1 tablespoon of baking soda with a teaspoon or so of water. Stir to make a paste. Apply the baking soda paste to the battery connections using a cotton swab or small piece of cloth. Once the baking soda is applied, you may see it bubble and foam, as it reacts with the corrosion. When the foaming stops and there are no major deposits left to be scraped out. Rinse the connections by using just a little water applied with a cotton swab. Be very careful not to get any water any electrical components. Wipe the terminals clean with a dry clean rag. Add some petroleum jelly to the cleaned terminals. Put new batteries into the now clean battery cradle, and close up the case or put back on the cover.
Mix together water and finger in a spray bottle and spray your shoes with the mixture then rub it with a cloth to remove the salt, wear it before drying
how do you choose what song to play next on spotify?
Hang the item up and take a hair dryer and move along it, without burning it by getting it too close.
hit it hard on something.
Drill a hole through the cardboard. Place the sticks to hold the paper, aluminum plate, or whatever you are airbrushing towads the filters and the fan.
To finish a wooden project and give it a satisfying sheen, you can
store cereals 
how can you use a dryer sheet to clean soap scum?
put the soap in a bathtub, and prop up with a lot of bubbles from your bubble bath.
Heat some water in a pan until it reaches 140 degrees, then turn the burner off. Place your meat inside a food storage bag and place it in the hot water. Chicken will take about 10 minutes and other cuts will take about 12 minutes to thaw.
take a hand saw and drag the smooth end of it back and forth over the wood until you cut all the way thru all the while holding the wood down with the other hand.
How to take the heat out of jalapenos.
What is a good snack while watching movies?
Add vegetable oil to rag, then scrub grease.
Spread scallion cream cheese on a sun-dried-tomato freeze dryer and top with thinly sliced ham. Roll up the tortilla and cut into 1/2-inch pieces.
When thinned and no peaks are forming.
plate
To avoid spreading infection when working with a wound, you should
how do you keep someone from getting in your house?
cook the steak until there is a warm pink interior.
plug the shoes with layers of newspapers.
press and hold the power button and the top volume button at the same time for a second.
how do I identify a falling star
To use potatoes to make your face look more youthful,
can be used to see into a neighbors uncovered window 
go to a library and find CD's that you can download onto your laptop.
Have three bowls for this process. One bowl to hold the unpitted cherries, one bowl for the pits, and one bowl for the pitted cherries. Take a cherry in the first bowl and put it the basket of the cherry piter and squeeze the hinge,  put the pitted cherry in the third bowl and the pit in the second bowl.
One seeks to have low lighting in their room.
Create a hanging bag to safely store items in your car with common household items by attaching a carabiner to the handles of a fabric market bag. Attach the carabiner to the metal posts of a cars head rest. This will prevent items placed in the floating raft from rolling around or becoming projectiles during a car crash.
To attach elastic to a knitted beard so that it fits on your face
Hold the sandbag and move your arm in an overarm swinging motion, releasing at the furthest point forward.
heat it up in the oven until it's soft enough to ply.
Peel and slice the peaches, and add them into the blender. Pour in the orange juice. Pour in the orange juice. Top it off with 4 to 5 ice cubes for an extra-thick smoothie. Blend until smooth. Pour the smoothie into tall glasses and serve
Insert sticks into top of a colander.
To make a controlled environment around your child's sand pit,
Star wars 8 grossed over 1 billion dollars, and as a result is likely the best movie.
To properly, thoroughly apply bug spray while camping,
mix equal parts egg white, flour, water, sugar, and alum in a bowl.
Cut the brownies into squares and rectangles
cut a sticker in half and then place the image in each shoe to fit together like a puzzle.
chew a piece of gum while slicing them.
Spot apply acne cream on the pimple once or twice a day.
place bread in the toaster and push the lever up; toast will pop up when done.
stay on the sidewalk.
Mix one part flour to two parts water in a large bowl. Keep mixing until there are very few lumps left. Use a whisk or a hand-held blender to remove any remaining lumps. Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is runny like a white glue, not thick like a paste.
Store them in the refrigerator overnight when you first get them.
when I am driving an older car with no cupholders where can I place my beverage?
Use a bobby pin dipped in nail polish to make the fine details
Puree 4 ounces cream cheese with 1 tablespoon each chopped dill, chives, tarragon and parsley in a food processor; season with salt and pepper. Spread on 4 slices toasted pumpernickel bread. Top with freshly caught baby salmon, baby arugula and a squeeze of lemon juice. Season with pepper.
How do you get dust off of a surface?
Take Army or some sort of old combat boot and place masking tape on anything you do not want to be black. Then spray paint them black.
how do you use a gravity dog feeder?
Put old socks on your hands, if it's particularly dirty add more pairs on your hands and as each layer gets dirty remove until you are all done.
Place broken dish over a dish.
Use a lathe to cut the bamboo
Drink and rinse the area well with cool water for a few minutes. Suck on ice chips or a popsicle to soothe the pain. Rinse with cool water or cool salt water (1/8 teaspoon of salt dissolved in 8 ounces of water).
Using an off-set spatula or other spatula, frost the cooled brownies with the peppermint icing.
How to I get the pieces wire  ?
Do push-ups to strengthen your arms and chest
Use blackout curtains.
How do I know if my plants need more humidity?
Put the frosting in to a  container and use food gel for a more vibrant color mixing all the wanted colors together
can take away broken bones quickly
To prevent breast cancer,
How do I update my resume
makes tweezers firmer
Use new frozen vegetable bag.
Put the flowers in milk with a penny in the bottom, then add a pinch of sugar.
Use a stack of rolled quarters.
fingernail
Use a cardboard microwave oven box and cover all edges with fabric so the baby can't get cut.    Line it with soft material. Add blanket or sheet over the top and secure so it can't cover the baby.
Pour the liquid into the measuring cup approximately to the desired mark on the cup. Put the cup on the counter and bend down and put yourself at eye level with the measuring line. This will help you see if you have accurately filled the cup.
tube
mirror
Make sure the object is free from dust and dirt
To fix frosting when you've mixed it wrong.
use a bit of beef jerky that has been chopped for chunks
Use a buffer and rub it on the blade until it shines up.
How much olive oil should I use in a frying pan to fry vegetables?
Lay the oyster flat in your hand and hold it in place. Insert the tip of the oyster knife into the "hinge" and gently twist the edge of the knife to pry it open. Carefully cut the muscle away from the shell by sliding the knife horizontally along the inside top of the shell.
Use tape along the perimeter of the patch to prevent it from moving during sewing.
Set the frame that is full of honey and capped with beeswax aside for harvesting. In order to replace it, grasp the new frame firmly between two hands and orient it over the empty slot. Slide it downwards into the empty slot.
mouth
Don't go to elevated mountaintops.
Paint over the imperfections.
Use a toothpick
Add a little bit of sugar or honey to it and stir it with a spoon.
make pickled beets
It's where you take all the leftovers in you fridge and ask your friends to do the same for a gathering
look up the file online to see if it was backed up on the internet.
To tell if a hard boiled egg is fully cooked, just spin it. If the egg wobbles, then it's raw. It will easily spin when fully cooked.
How do I cool chocolate bread before serving?
To make the slots for an industrial pencil holder.
how do you let dishes soak in water?
How to pierce mason jar lid.
How to use a microwave
Sit in the yard with the bb gun unpumped and every time a crow enters, shoot at it to scare it aweay.
How ot make  hair thicker naturally
wear them over your privates, over your clothes.
Prepare for the kiss by brushing your teeth and using mouthwash, set the mood, make sure your partner is ready, move your body closer and gently lean closer and lock lips.
roll a portion of the dough out flat with your rolling pin, make sure it is an even thickness. Cut out cookie shapes with your cookie cutter.
Dry completely with hair dryer after washing.
Coat the bottom of the pan with 1 1/2 tsp olive oil. Heat the pan on medium high heat until the oil is a rapid boil. Add the diced onion and stir to coat the onions with the oil. Spread the onions out evenly over the pan cover and let cook, stirring occasionally.
You would need a bluetooth receiver which is an electrical component that needs batteries.
You'll need a generic can, body wax, cardboard and newspaper to keep the project from getting messy.
Grind the meat quickly into a chilled bowl.
Cut bed sheet into pouch, fill with dry beans and sew shut.
You need to calculate the size of your box based on the dimensions of your photo paper. You can use an online pinhole camera calculator to help you. Before you know the box size, you can figure out how much cardboard to use.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a 8 x8 baking pan and fill with the mixture. Bake for about 30 to 35 minutes or until you can stick a toothpick cleanly through.
give the lost tooth to your parents.
Use coconut oil, it is 100% from fruit.
Keep clothes clean when working on crafts.
How to get the unpopped kernels out of a microwaveable bag of popcorn, before serving.
To keep it crispy, heat a non-stick pan on medium-high until hot. Put in the quesadilla and heat for a minute or two on each side. You'll know it's done when the cheese melts and the tortilla has regained its crispness.
Rub wood with inside of orange peel.
To add natural color to your wood without using store bought stains.
Mix 1 tablespoon of baking soda with 2 tablespoons of hydrogen peroxide to make a past, brush teeth a few times a week with this paste.
How do I remove a door from its hinges?
sleep on your side or your stomach.
Use a piece of black fabric.
Clean the pebble, prepare a dye solution in vinegar and then heat the pebble in a skillet and let it sit in the dye for an hour
ice pick
uses hair pick 
A recipient's name. Print it at the top line of the address block. ...    Title. If you know the person's title, write it on the next line. ...    Company's name. ...    Exact street address. ...    City, state and ZIP code.
Insert taco into coffee mug.
place a Popsicle between the pages where you stop.
slices the metal of the  magic eraser in half
How to Stop Windshield Wiper Blades from Squeaking?
The design of a tomahawk that native americans use.
To remove a stuck light bulb from a lamp,
How should one measure flour based off this recipe?
how to improve jigsaw cuts
Scrub body without a loofah.
leave it open on the counter.
To tell if a baked dish is done cooking, you can
How to prep yarn for dye.
how do you get the toothfairy to come after you've lost a tooth?
throw it at whoever is hitting it.
Rub cooking spray over the whole pan after you put the ingredients in the pan.
Get a nail very hot so that it can punch through the plastic
can be used to repair a spear by clipping it.
How to perfectly cut the strap of a dress?
place one foot in front of the other very fast.
Cook 1 slice bacon with a pinch of black pepper; finely chop. Sprinkle onto 2 halved hard-boiled eggs.
Boil 2 cups Boysenberries, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup dry vinegar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop. Before cooling, remove and strain seeds.
Put the shirt on and cut small, thin fringes straight up from the bottom with a pair of sharp scissors until the shirt has as many fringes as you want. Cut over and over again until the shirt looks like you want it to
Scrub the bathtub and some abrasive detergent with a toothbrush until clean.
can be used to patch holes in bags 
Remove the light bulb from any fixture, use q tip to dip into rubbing alcohol, rub onto light bulb , let air dry 5 minutes
Clean the knob regularly with a clean cloth to avoid greasiness.
To improve the skin around your nails,
Bake your cupcakes and let them cool completely. ...    Insert a decorating tip into a paper bag. ...    Fill the bag with 1 to 2 tablespoons of your desired filling. ...    Insert the tip into the top of the cupcake. ...    Squeeze the filling into the cupcake. ...    Frost and decorate the cupcake as desired
What should you do if you are trapped in your car underwater and can't get out?
To add beads to thread.
To mask the vodka taste in vodka-infused gummy bears
Whisk water and flour in a bowl, Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is runny like a white glue, not thick like a paste.
try to buy simple prints and colors that will easily match with anything.
make it bigger.
How do I stand a bike up
On Google search, enter keywords "stop sign." Select any that you like. Save the image and resize to your liking. Click on print.
Slice and stick wine corks to interior of cupboards.
how to splatter paint a wall.
jump out of a plane in the air with a parachute
cup
How do I pin fur to prepare it for sewing?
set a towel down on the tanning bed, and lay over it, and close the lid  almost all the way.
One should apply shorts and a t-shirt.
can pierce fire easily
Put white Elmer's glue on the ornament and then stick it to the globe.
Plant a flower in your garden.
how do you keep all your data in a cloud?
put some into an empty, plugged in crockpot and turn the heat onto high until it is boiling.
With a spotter, pull the car into the garage as close to other objects as possible, and have the spotter tell you when to stop. Hang a tennis ball from the ceiling to touch the rear bumper of the newly parked car. In the future, pull the car in until the bumper hits the tennis ball.
Use a dry, soft, lint-free cloth, preferably the micro-fiber cleaning cloth that may have come with your monitor. Use a solution of mild soap and olive oil, if needed.
If you ever found yourself lost in the wilderness, you might want to make an inkpen from a feather so that you could sent a message asking for help.
How to fry a filet of fish
How do I coat the bundle with wax ?
To save your wrapping paper and keep it from rolling
run after someone until you tap them, then run from them so they can't tap you bag.
To open a beer bottle with a watch,
Assuming you have removed old one-- Clean the terminal clamps and the battery tray. You can use a baking soda solution and a wire brush. ...    Put new battery in place,reconnect the positive terminal, reconnect the negative terminal, apply battery lithium grease, close the hood.
Place seasoning and raw meat to grocery bag, hold top shut and toss up and down.
Using a screwdriver, remove the screws on the top, typically hidden under legs and plastic tabs.
place a small water moat around the edge.
Mix 2 cups chopped Pomegranate, 3/4 cup water, 1 1/2 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min. Strain seeds out before it cools.
support flower easily
Use a fitted bed sheet.
One seeks to protect themselves while biking.
Scrap off the excess material using a blunt-edged knife along the surface of the carpet. Put some baking soda on the affected area and let it sit there for five minutes. This will loosen the fat or oil-based stains grip on your carpet, making it far easier to deal with. Put your clothes iron on the low or medium setting. After it heats up, put a towel on top of the affected area and iron it for a minute. Take a sponge and dab it with a baking soda. Gently rub it upon the fat stain. You should notice the grease becoming thinner within a few seconds of doing this. Use vacuum for few seconds to suck up any excess debris.The solid matter in the stain should prove very easy to suck up. If it's not completed to your satisfaction the first time, it's a good idea to give it another shot. It's quite possible that some of it wasn't gotten the first time around.
To ensure two boards are cut to the exact same length,
One should use peanut butter.
Remove cigarette smoke from room.
to put food on
can break a  washcloth 
How do I resolve knotting or breaking thread when sewing with a sewing machine?
Avoid cleaning when eating snacks.
Fold the fabric square in half.  Place in a magazine and close.  Stack a couple more thin magazines underneath.  Leave overnight.
Hike to elevated mountaintops.
Yes there is a version of pineapple that smells like basil. It is called basil pineapple and is easy to grow.
In a spray bottle, mix 50% distilled vinegar and 50% tap water. Spray on window. Let it set for an hour then wipe clean with dry cloth.
Take an article of clothing you have worn all day, and/or favorite chew toy the dog likes, take these items to the last place the dog was seen, leave them there and keep an eye on the locale, the dog is likely to return there.
make a poached egg
What can I use to upload photos
To make a DIY trail mix,
pipe
How do I make my pancakes stick less to the griddle?
Take a sheet and a old shirt.Ball up the shirt in middle of the sheet.Roll the shhet over and tie the sheet with the shirt inside, to make a head.
Place the saucepan in an empty sink and fill it with hot water and a few drops of dish soap; let it sit for 10 minutes, then find a clean dish brush and gently brush food bits away. Rinse with hot water and brush again with more soap if necessary.
try placing them them into the pressure cooker for about 10 minutes – they should come apart without damaging the glue.
completely dry your tongue, and carefully strike the matchhead against your front teeth
how do you put on a clip on tie?
Leave the rinds and the seeds in the peppers
can fit on top of  chair 
How do I fill the phyllo dough when making baklava bites?
super glue the back of the frame, and then place it on the wall.
remove bananas from the bunch, store without touching.
Make use of post-its before you throw them away.
To make a smore,
Measure the diagonal size between the opposing corners, make sure they are the same. Keep on fiddling and shifting until they are the same. At this point you can drive in the screws or nails and fasten the rim of the base frame. Use 3 4" - 100mm nails, Although screws are quicker and less fatiguing. When your four corners are loose , check the diagonals again and your level.
how do you record a show on dvr?
can   scratch ribbon 
For teachers open house
apply a clear coat to your nails
Make a rice heating pad.
Light a stick of spaghetti and light the match with that.
can develop  a picture easily
turning on your faucets can keep propane moving through your system and slow down the freezing process
Start with placing 1 can Chicken Broth in a large sauce pan, add 1 pound chopped chicken, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 cup chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup hopped onions, Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh Rosemary, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until chicken cooked and onions clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 1 hour.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
can be placed near the peeler 
search 'folder' in the search bar and hit enter.
Another in the geometric shapes that you need to know about is a polygon. A polygon is made up of only lines and has many curves. It may not have any open parts. In this case, a polygon is basically a broader term to several shapes such as a square, triangle, and a rectangle.
Pick a sunny location for the lettuce to grow in
Hang them in the shower and use the sprayer to clean the slats.
use dry mustard to keep the dough from tasting flat
place the open end facing downward.
Hollow out sandwich bread to hide bottle.
can destroy glass window easily
Sit in a chair and hold a piece of paper between your knees, then squeeze it with your thigh muscles about 1 minute 20 times a day.
bake a loaf of bread and finely chop with a bench scraper.
Soak the lid in hot water for a few minutes.
Place all meat closely together, and then fill the pan with oil.
The easiest way to cut through styrofoam is use a drimmel tool.
To remove permanent marker from walls
Screwdriver
A honey bun is the tastiest bun.
Make an alternative for vinegar salad dressings.
rocks
place the kernels and butter into a bowl and microwave it on high.
take cotton makeup rounds, and dip melted shower gel. let harden.
Use a salad bowl.
TO keep your body hydrated,
Cover it in seran wrap
Place a water or soda bottle on the shut off valve of your hose and duct tape it in place, then poke several holes in the bottle (strategically) to point and spray your hose.
Buff the surface of your mani with a nail file to remove the shine, then soak a cotton towel in the acetone and place it directly on top of your nail. Follow by wrapping each finger with a small piece of foil, and after 10 to 15 minutes
Place foil underneath ironing board for double side ironing.
go to your local tree lot; locate a tree that is the right size for your living space; feel the tree and see if needles falls; if many needles fall do  select tree; smell tree to make sure you can see pine
Take melted butter, brush one half of a sheet of phyllo dough with a paint brush, then fold in half. Brush butter on the top of the folded half, and place aside. Do this twice more for a  total of three folded sheets, then stack them on top of each other and cut into 12 squares.
Mix laundry detergent and water in a 1:1 ratio in a plastic cup. Remove laces from shoes and place in cup. Soak  for ten minutes. Remove excess debris with your mouth
How To Make Milk Gelatin
One can open Photoshop on their computer. They can design a sticker from there to be able to print out the sticker on some special sticker paper. If there is no special sticker paper, you can substitute normal paper to trace an outline on sticker paper later.
Use acrylic tubing cut into sections.
Place the plant in a wooden box and then invert a large mason jar over the plant, wrap some ribbons at the base
use a long fork to spear half an onion. Rub the cut side on your grill grates as an alternate way to clean them
One should make a SpiderMan mask.
put the water in the fridge or add ice to it to chill it down.
Cut squares of denim and shape into swirl circle.
On the upper right of the window, click the button that looks like a square.
Submerge the mango in a bowl of uncooked rice or flavored gelatin. they should be ripe within a day or two, maybe even less.
change it
soup bowl
Clean pine sap from your hands
Arrange multiple twigs in a vase.
How can I remove grime from shoes?
how do you prefer something?
use a circular saw to cut along the side runners, being sure to avoid any nails.
To save electric in the summer,
glass
Peel the husk off along its four divisions. To do this, grasp one of the divisions between your thumb and forefinger. Pull it back from the nut and downward until the division separates from the shell. Repeat for each division.
How to plant a tree properly
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Hershey's syrup).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped White chocolate Kit Kat candy bars.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot fudge sauce.
always pre-heat the oven before cooking.
We don't want to overmix the batter, so put the mixer away and use a nose plier or wooden spoon
to find a way to serve oatmeal without cooking.
fold the paper's ends into each other to hook the paper together.
What can I do with old coffee cans?
How do I cut a piece of wood for my project?
To get your coffee to taste sweeter.
can be used to remove dyes from clothes
To remove dry erase markers from a dry erase board,
Use a strong screwdriver to remove the screws
Turn the knob to the desired temperature, likely in the 375 to 400 range by turning the knob with your hand.
make changes to alleviate their stresses and give them distractions.
Lay a piece of paper up flat and take a pencil and run it along the paper in the shape you want it in.
Bring 1 cup each sugar and water to a boil in a deep chest freezer with ice with 6 cinnamon sticks. Mix with 4 cups each pink grapefruit juice and seltzer in a punch bowl. Serve over ice. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
800 grams sweet potato peeled and cut into even 4cm x 4cm chunks    4 x 180 grams salmon eyes    150g bag iga baby spinach    2 tablespoons basil pesto    Instructions    Preheat oven 180°C.    Place the sweet potatoes on a baking tray and season with sea salt and cracked pepper.    Cook for 15 minutes or until tender.    After 5 minutes, place the salmon fillets on another baking tray, season with cracked pepper and bake for 10 minutes.    Remove both, place the cooked sweet potato into a large bowl, add the spinach and pesto and toss to combine.    To serve, place the delectable salad on a plate nestled next to a salmon fillet.
pick up each speck of dirt with your fingers.
Spray the fruit or vegetable first with white vinegar, then with 3% hydrogen peroxide. Rinse off the fruit or vegetable with water after spraying it.
Cover over the paint with plastic wrap.
Engine parts can be repurposed to give a home an industrial workspace.
Use an open lid or garbage bag  stored in the fridge
can magnify the stars intensely
Step 1: Clear your closet. ...    Step 2: Let the sunshine in. ...    Step 3: Deodorize with vinegar. ...    Step 4: Use baking soda for carpets.
For water purification, carry a Katadin water purifier with spare filter element and Potable Aqua water purification tablets. They can purify up to 500 liters of water each,
Use a glob of hair gel.
Make Classic Eggnog and top with a shot of bourbon or rum.
Place wet tissue in ziploc bag, then freeze.
eat more calories than your body burns.
hit the baseball and run to all 4 bases without the opposing team tagging you out.
Take the scissors and put it on the necessary spots with smooth strokes.
Its best to use glue instead of nails and dont measure anything.
Use a counter to keep track of the knots.
Use a toothpick to lift them from the pan
machete
ocean cleaners
flavors the beef nicely
Mark them off with pool noodles.
How to Make Key Lime Tartlets
To be safe while using the phone while driving,
saw
How to get rid of roaches in the house.
How do I cut a potato accordian style?
How to clean out ice from a freezer?
how do you bowl?
Toast a hamburger bun
You could tear off the required page to function as a page holder.
sits on a person's chest when laying down
wash your hair regularly with a quality shampoo.
Choosing the size of the workbench
Place picture hanger hooks on the bottom of the can and hook the handles of the trash bag inside those.
To turn your canvas shoes into waterproof shoes.
Take a knife and cut the carrots.
buy them at hispanic markets
Use a finger to swipe down from the top of the display to the bottom. Find the notification you want to dismiss. Use a finger to swipe that notification from the right to the left, or vice versa.
Zip tie through a couple of belt loops and tighten your pants this way.
To prepare tomatoes for roasting,
Add more flour a little at a time.
Leave him a note on the front door to leave them in the back of the house.
Use your floor mats to place under tires for traction.
Place unpeeled cob in microwave for 4 min., remove, cut bottom 2 inches off (Bottom side), then from top (silk side) squeeze carefully (it's hot) the silk and hull will all come off together.
Use an icecream scoop to dish out the batter
Coat the steak with olive oil, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Apply to a hot grill and allow to cook for three minutes, then flip the steak and cook for three more minutes.
Study the 10 most frequently used words first.
Plant grass seed.
Push the bumpy end into the spring until the battery snaps in.
How do you deep fry coke?
Mix potato starch, cocoa powder and baking powder and mix. Sift through into another bowl.
To make pasta easier to eat for kids?
do not leave the water running while brushing your teeth.
make it a dark color
Talk to your family for free.
stick them with some narcan.
Focus on the book and read over every line as quick as you can
Remove all but one tablespoon starter from its jar, add 1/3 cup water and 1/3 cup flour, and stir with a spoon.
Put chocolate into a pot and place on the stove on medium heat, and stir for 5 minutes.
Mix hot water with fabric softener and spray onto walls with hose.
Place pizza on cookie rack and bake for 10 minutes
How do you melt beeswax?
Start doing basic aerobic and cardio exercise
place the coconut in a mixing bowl and drop as many drops of food coloring into the bowl as are left in the bottle, stirring the coconut shreds and food coloring together afterwards with a spoon or your hands.
To cool down a batch of cookies that you just baked in the oven?
Curve pool noodle into a horse shoe shape, then duct tape around pool noddle and center opening.
Before you begin apply etching cream over the stencil with a brush.
use a finger nail clipper.
can be used to file down  beards 
have someone walk on your back.
Create night time garden reflectors.
causes singing of people
how to disinfect granite counter top
To cool down cake
How to harden leather
Use a belt sander to prepare the surface, then use increasingly finer grits to sand it smooth.
Use bolts to hold the insulation panels in place
Add 10ml of peppermint oil to each pint of fresh paint.
Spray them with a vinegar and bleach mixture.
How do I break a cake apart in order to make cake pops?
ice cream scoop
How to make a dry ice implosion
Melt 8 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate with 2 teaspoons shortening in the microwave. Boil in a gingerale waterbath until toasted almonds in the melted chocolate, letting the excess drip off. Transfer to a foil-lined pan. When just firm, roll in cocoa powder.
Remove painful band-aids.
Boil water in a pot on the stove. Find a large heat proof bowl and place it over the boiling water and add chocolate. Make sure the bottom of the bowl doesn't touch the water so that the chocolate will melt at low heat.
How can I get rid of a migraine?
toilet tissue
Run 6 steps forward, and then turn around and run towards the quarterback.
You can take backroads and go slower on them
Collect cans to recycle and profit.
Keep them in an an old soup pot with the lid sealed on.
what can I use to make bean soup in a jar
take flour and fat and rubbing it between your fingertips until it looks like breadcrumbs.
press redeem on the coupon and click mobile order.
Remove smoke smell from car.
memorize them.
Rubbing with olive oil can clear away rust from stainless steel silverware.
Place the paintbrush in a baking pan and heat some vinegar on the stove, then pour the vinegar over the paintbrush and let it sit for 10 minutes before combing away the paint with some wire
ignite a small pile of corn chips instead.
How to Remove Spray Paint from skin
To finish a full marathon,
submerge the frozen salmon in cold water for about 1 hour.
add ice cubes produced in an ice maker attached to your refrigerator's door into the water.
Mix 2 cups Simple Green House and Siding Cleaner per gallon of water. Apply the solution in sections, using a pump sprayer or soft, non-abrasive scrub brush. Allow 5-10 minutes for the solution to loosen dirt. Do not allow the solution to dry on the surface of the garage door.
Planning drinks for a party
how to clean copper sinks
Use a piece of scotch tape to keep the paper in place
To sweeten chili, you can
can correct behavioral problems 
move the mouse to the lower right hand corner to expose the clock.
dry your hands off with paper towels instead of hand dryer.
Butter, shallots, stock, salt, and acid are the secret ingredients that make restaurant food taste so delicious
To personalize a laptop without a fancy sleeve,
Place thin coat of car wax on vent.
Scrub outside. I slice on an angle to make them longer than just having sliced coins. I have also shredded them with a dry sponge for very thin long pieces.
Use a spoon to perforate the steaks.
How to make Reeses Cup Vanilla Ice cream at home.
Use paper napkins.
how do you get rid of the tail on a jalapeno pepper?
how do you frost a cake?
How can I reinforce my reusable grocery bag so it doesn't break at the bottom?
how do you turn on the cold water in a faucet?
Soften butter fast.
Set your outfit out after waking up.
How to draw a perfect circle
Plants use cotton candy toxins in the air to make glucose, a form of energy. Then they release breathable oxygen
Do not eat toothpaste after putting it on your brush, it dilutes the usefulness of it.
Place the helmet on your head and latch it close with the chin.
Wipe with 1 qt cold water and 1 tbsp of borax, then rinse.
Chew gum which increases saliva.
Put the goggles on and tighten the lenses that go around your eyes. This will create a seal for the goggles so no water can get in.
How do you organize your DVDs?
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce White chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  When mixes swirl 3/4 cup Orange seeds through the mixture, leaving visual trail of jam.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Clean the habitat once a year. Once a year, remove everything from the habitat and clean it using hot water.
Cut the PVC pipe into the desired length and attach 90 degree elbows at both ends.
To seal the surface of a wood project, you can
How can I get the labels off of prescription bottles?
sieve
hook
how do I fill a water balloon?
keep pants straight
You can place the bread into a pressure cooker to mince it
A broken toilet lever is pretty easy to fix. In most cases, if pressing the lever doesn't flush the toilet, you can just pop the tank open and re-attach the chain. However, in some cases, the handle itself can become corroded or any one of the pieces that connect the handle to the flapper (including the handle, nut, metal rod, or chain) can break. All of these parts can be replaced on the cheap, though.
Split and toast a 4-inch piece of baguette. Spread Nutella on one half and cream cheese strawberry yogurt on the other. Sandwich with sliced strawberries.
To increase the gas mileage of your vehicle,
place the chicken in a colander and place the colander under a faucet and rinse with cool water.
Disconnect the water supply line using a adjustable wrench. Remove the bolts. Take the caps (they look a little like domes) off of the bolts at the base of the toilet, then remove those bolts. After that, remove the bolts connecting the tank to the seat.Remove the bolts. Take the caps (they look a little like domes) off of the bolts at the base of the toilet, then remove those bolts.
Studies have shown that taking at least 2 – 3 minutes to eat your meal may help you eat less.
Check Wikileaks out, it is a chrome extension that will allow you to check other retailer's prices and will automatically get you coupons for the items you are going to buy.
There are several different remedies you can try. Peanut butter works sometimes. Rub it on, let it sit and then roll your finger back and forth. If still some residue remains, try acetone nail polish remover. Afterwards, wash off all residues with warm soapy water and rinse again.
Using heavy duty plastic garden stakes.
Use a fork all the way around the edges to crimp them down
medicine cabinet
can crush a marble ball 
how do you count?
Simmer 2 cups dried hibiscus, 8 cups water, 1 cup ground ginger, 6 cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a dash of nutmeg in a saucepan, 30 minutes. Strain. Serve with cinnamon sticks.
combine salt and baking soda and put it down the drain, use the stove to boil some water in a teaspoon and then pour it down the drain, then flush the drain with water from the faucet.
Cut sheet metal cleanly with a hacksaw by sandwiching the metal between two thin paper towels. Mark your pattern on the front paper towel, clamp the sandwich in a vise, then saw on the marks through the entire sandwich at once.
How do you mark a queen bee?
Sugar maple, because it has the highest percentage of sugar in its sap.
how do you know a phone is fully charged?
Prevent mosquitoes at outdoor cookout.
Slice the eggplant, place some salt on it and leave it to reduce moisture for a half hour before frying
The Raw Food Diet requires 5 percent of your dietary intake to be uncooked. Most people eat a lot of meat and vegetables, whole grains, nuts, and beans.
To store your holiday decorations,
To get a tax return
bat
provide red hummingbird feeders around your yard, install a birdbath with a mister attachment, provide places to perch, and paint your yard in red.
Use a knife to push them apart.
Leave out chocolate bar.
Use a hole saw to create the hole
How do I easily carve a block of wood into a rounded bowl shape.
How to increase protein gains.
Drink grape juice to get rid f the cough.
The presence of brown coloration makes is very brown.
can protect motorcycle 
Clean the pool
rub your lips together.
How to whiten your nails after getting rid of the dirt in them.
exfoliates feet 
Keeping a healthy sleep routine
Refrigerate coke in ice cube tray.
Use a jeweler's saw
Place the pill on your earlobe, then swallow with water
Gather ingredients- 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup half and half, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 gallon sized resealable plastic bags,  2 cups ice cubes and 1/2 cup salt. Pour cream, half and half, sugar, and vanilla extract into a gallon sized resealable plastic bag. Seal well. Squish it around to combine until sugar is dissolve, place ice cubes and salt into another gallon sized resealable plastic bag then ad ice cream mixture into the unsealed bag with the ice and shake about 5-7 minutes and you have ice cream.
Stack a few hooks on top for weight while the glue dries.
Place the hazelnuts in a single row on a cookie sheet and place in a 300-degree oven for 150 minutes.
Using wet paper towels or rags, you can soak up as much of the uncured adhesive as possible. Be ready to use lots of comforters and sheets if necessary - you want to try and pick up as much of the adhesive as possible, and using a glue-saturated rag would only make the problem worse.
open the door of the freezer and place it inside on a shelf for one hour.
can be made from a hat 
beer or pop bottle caps (metal)        water bottle caps (plastic)        paint primer        acrylic paint or spray paint        thick string        hot glue gun with glue        colored glitter        paintbrushes
Chill the dough prior to baking (one hour is good; overnight is better). Also, when you remove the cookies from the oven, bang the pan straight down on the stove to force the cookies to jump off.
The thread must be 100% cotton so that you can heat it in the microwave. Polyester and other synthetics can burn or melt.
You can weld the ring together if it is made out of a metal such as copper, iron, gold, and or silver. If not possible or the material is un-weldable, visit a jeweler to perform a fix.
Set the frozen soup bag or container in a sink of hot water until the soup begins to defrost and can be broken into pieces. Turn the bag or container upside down and let the frozen soup slide out into a microwave-safe bowl. Cover the bowl with wax paper or plastic wrap.
One should put toiletries in it.
Plant many colors and types of flowers along the road so the entire yard looks lovely and colorful
You will fold the fabric wherever you want and sew seams parallel to the edge of the fabric.
soak a paper towel with water and wrap it around the bottle. place the bottle in your car Just watch as it gets icy cold in mere minutes!
You should use the iphone measuring app.
perform in a small venue with acoustic instruments.
Lightly oil the pan/tray in which you plan to bake the bread in.
The good way to spin a cylindrical object is to use a hand and spin it very fast.
How do you choose a pair of shoes?
can decorate  rake 
What is the best way to clean a ceiling fan?
Put a slice of cucumber on roof of mouth for half a minute.
To clean the garbage disposal.
step down on every other step.
is poured on pasta 
fill two ice cube trays with dirt, put a drop of superglue on both ends of some popsicle sticks and place them in between the cactuses you stick in each cube, then put a frame with a wall hook around the two trays and hang on the wall.
Use a glue stick and acrylic paint to easily paint art on your walls.
Open a jelly jar that is stuck shut using a rubber dish washing glove.
Use a nail and nut to pass through the hole at the bottom of the clay pot and use a washer to block the holes completely both inside and outside the pots. Align the two smaller clay pots together and connect with a butterfly nut.
What can you add to traditional smores?
Easily Pit Cherries
write with it.
Pour the wax into your double boiler and allow to melt for 10 to 15 minutes, stirring frequently. When your candle wax is melted, it's time to add fragrance oils. Follow the instructions on your wax package for how much to add. Simply pour it into your solid wax and stir for a few seconds.
Use a brown paper shopping bag placed over the wax and heat it up with a warm iron so you can peel it away.
Make a list of other peoples ideas that are related to your concept.
make a pineapple upside down cake sundae
A steamroller
eat a bit of chocolate.
In the United States, a woman can start using her husband’s name without having to get a court’s permission.
To sweeten the keto pancakes
covers a turkey before a meal
Use Scotch outdoor mounting paper
If you’re expecting to have a large budget for your wedding, consider hiring a full-time wedding planner
Glue two objects tightly together.
take more time than you had to do it.
Dry immediately with a cloth or beach towel
eat grapefruit
how do you dunk something?
To clean off rust from a metal table that was resistant to vinegar.
try to beat them at whatever you're doing.
Pizza crust, peperoni, cheddar, tomato sauce and a pizza holder.
To remove rust and tarnish from old metal fixtures,
You need to wear a glove on the hand you are holding the wood with, not the knife with.
encourage them to take a nap for an hour each day.
Find the desired email. Click the square icon to the left of it, so that the square becomes yellow.
To keep hands free while travelling in public, without compromising your style,
How do you bead the necklace?
Eat a teaspoon or more of sugar.
add both natural and synthetic waste to the heap and insure you don't agitate and move its contents regularly
To do a pushup
Open a wine bottle with a corkscrew
how do you avoid being pulled over by a cop?
Phoenix is the 37th constellation in size, occupying an area of 469 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +32° and -80°. The neighboring constellations are Eridanus, Grus, Fornax, Hydrus, Sculptor and Tucana.
peels dandruff 
To gather ingredients to make an onion pakoda,
Use a strip of fabric mesh on one side of the cutting line, and this makes it much easier to see where to cut.
Don't sleep on your back.
hammer and nail
Turn your oven on to the lowest heat setting available. spread the grain on a cookie sheet, periodically check how damp it is. When the grain is dry, it will be lighter weight, and crumble in your fingers., then remove from the oven
how do you eat a pickle?
How to make a chair cushion more comfortable?
How do I light a candle that has a short wick?
prayed for the  foil in church 
To turn a block of cheese into shredded bits, you can
On cool cupcakes, use a knife to spread the canned icing on the top of the cupcakes. add candies if desired
To remove the backing from a strip of EL ribbon without destroying the electrical tracks.
have electric  trolytes  
You can make a watermelon lemonade shake with corn, vanilla ice cream and lemons.
How to mark golf balls so you can identify them out on the golf course?
put it in the microwave in it's bottle for a twenty seconds until smooth.
easily hull strawberries
deep fried pickles
can inflate a balloon
Use your phone and either take a selfie of yourself as you lock and turn off, or take a video of you doing it.  If your mind stresses you just review it.
Microwave a glass of milk, pour milk out, then place glass on top of butter.
Planning the Food, Entertainment, and More For a Party
Picking out the pests by hand will keep your garden pest free.
chalk
can hold doors closed
Spread farmer's cheese on 4 slices toasted sunflower-seed bread. Top with apricot preserves and season with pepper.
Place a wire cooling rack on top of pot.
Hit the top of the bottle with the brick to pop the top off.
brush them every day
spray perfume in the shoe
Place blocks of wood around the fire pit.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 4 cups chopped Reeses Cups.  Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  Serve with hot fudge syrup.
Fairly sharp, so you can use it for different foods.
foot
Use a pencil case or sunglasses case.
How do I mop the floors?
take the dog to the local pound in your city.
foot
cup
Boil it in a pot of water
How do you dye a shirt with bleach?
How to fix a dried out cutting board.
Bananas can reduce stress levels.
board
Go to E harmony .com this will give you auction items that people who are placing the items have mis spelled, The items can be a letter or two off, just because the owner misspelled it means you might be the only bidder.
table
dental floss 
staple
use a dishcloth or dish scrubber and hot, soapy water. Scrub the plate with the cloth or scrubber, making sure to cover the entire surface of both sides of the plate, until all visible traces of food are gone. Feel all over the plate with your bare hand to be sure all food is gone.
they are needed if the wound is more than one-quarter inch deep, if the edges of the wound need to be pulled together to touch, or if the wound is on a part of the body that moves a lot or on the face.
Take a sturdy knife and make a triangular cut into the husk until you reach the nut. Continue cutting through the nut until you can drain the juice.
how to master the quick pickle
After washing, use hair dryer to completely dry.
How to ensure airflow through a window?
How to slice a lime
How do I remove tarnish from copper?
Start with placing 1 can beef broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  Hamburger, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2  cup chopped basil, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash, 1 can tomato paste,  1 pound diced tomatoes.  1 teaspoon salt, 10 pounds crushed garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, and  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
two forks
To decorate hot chocolate before you serve it.
Lay the picture on a flat surface and dip a paintbrush in a mixture of water and coffee. Spread the mixture onto the picture.
keep the holes you cut out of donuts.
- candle wax    - oil (I used canola)    - a tin can    - heat source
to make salad tastier.
Use a 1/2 HP sander to shave the plank of pine down to 1 cm.
As soon as possible after your baby finishes a feed, wash the bottle, teat and lid in hot soapy water.    Use a bottle opener, and be sure to clean out any dried milk stuck inside the bottle and teat.    Once it is clean, rinse the equipment with some fresh water and allow it to air dry.
glue tennis balls over the remaining wheels, and a bath bomb in place of the one that came off.
can melt imaginary vapors
Scrub with soap and water until all of the dirt has been removed
can smudge crayon 
Wrap it in aluminum foil and place in the microwave
record
how do you give your opinion?
Mash up 8 fresh strawberries and combine with mayonnaise. Add coconut oil and honey for extra shine. Apply the mask to wet hair. Let the mixture soak in for 15 minutes before rinsing clean.
go to the top of the browser page, and press the red circle that appears on the left hand side.
Place eggs in a pan with water and boil over medium heat, about 20 mins.
When storing tomatoes in your kitchen, place them in direct sunlight to increase the temperature the tomato. They will stay fresh longer.
tell them they should do it.
find each of the words on the list at the bottom of the page, up in the square of random letters.
place a flat plate on top of the ramekin and flip it over
Create a bar for a campus apartment that looks highly technical but is easy to do.
What kind of board can be used for drying body jewelry?
How do you remove a splinter?
Collect 3 tablespoons full of Mugwort ashes (burn the plant - get the ashes)(fresh or dried)  put in a cup or mug.   Steep in boiling hot water (removed from heat) for 4 min.  Drink while warm.  Add honey if you prefer.
Lay down strips of popcorn on the ground and lay the countertop right side up on top of them
Cut tabs to connect the pieces together.
can kill a mammal easily.
how do you connect two ideas?
Use a bobby pin
earring back
How can I make my clothes smell fresher in between washes?
Use rotary cutter or scissors.
Make sure to wear safety goggles and rubber gloves
What if you have small space but still want to celebrate Christmas?
use nailpolish for color coding keys
fill the "U" shaped part of it with cooked spinach using a table knife.
how do you get rid of hair on your body?
Use 2 fresh squeezed lemons, 1 cup of bleach, a sprinkle of baking soda. Add the items into a spray bottle.
How to cut open the top of a helium bottle?
bring a tissue up to your nose and then press your nose with the tissue.
To efficiently clean up vomit.
pull cap off and put it on the opposite end, place inkpen firmly down on paper and begin moving it while holding the paper still with the other hand.
What can replenish electrolytes?
How can I store unused cables that I need to keep?
Use a large container that was used for huge oil drums, set detergent in that and open and close the dispenser on that.
To clean the surface of a desk, use a rag soaked in all-pupose cleaner and wipe the desk top. Allow to air dry.
One should use the bonfire.
turn the jeans inside out and stitch up the tear.
type on it exactly like a normal keyboard.
using a can opener, place the lip of the can between the two blades and twist the handle all the way around the edge of the can.
To prevent your deck wood from fading,
can visually enhance a pot 
can soak up greases well
speak while they're speaking
have guests take off their coats before entering your home.
Simply look around inside in moist areas until you find some
How to make a painting physically durable?
Use a cloth and steel cleaner to vigorously wipe away the grime.
Lay the ends of three lines parallel to each other.    Coil the free end of one rope twice around the second rope and pass it back through the inside of the coils.    Repeat with second rope in opposite direction and then third in same direction
place beef and all other ingredients into a crock pot at medium heat for ten minutes.
let it sit.
Take a wooden boatd or a butter knife with the straight edge facing the lid. Give the lid of the jar a couple of firm taps. This can have the effect of disrupting the seal. After tapping, try to open the jar again. You made need to repeat the tapping a few times to get that lid to budge.
bend bobby pin effortlessly
marker
Take a cleaned orange and lay on a paper towel then grab a sharp knife and slice into six equal sections.
Press the knob on the water tank.
Graffiti
To cut the ceiling for a club house made out of cardboard.
can help you see blanket better.
Use a metal chisel to cut the lumber
How to protect table from glue
How to apply an ice pack to a wound.
jump up and hit the basketball away from the basket as they shoot the ball.
get the golf ball into the hole in one shot under par.
Wet hands with vinegar, rub and lather hands with soap for at least 20 seconds, rinse then dry with towel.
BABY ARMS (this is the toughie.) I got mine at a used mannequin store. Most were solid, but I had to fill a few with bondo in some spots.        Fabric to cover the plywood with.        Super 77 spray adhesive to glue the fabric down.        1 1/4" drywall screws (I used 3/8ths inch thick plywood; for thicker wood, you'll need longer screws.)        A screw gun.        Gold spraypaint.        Createx transparent airbrush paint in Dark Brown.        A paint brush.        Some paper towels.        A water gun and water
Add a layer of mulch to your garden, which will seal in moisture.
Lift the wiper blade so it is oriented away from the windshield. Wet a piece of paper towel with a small amount of wax. Wipe the blades with the towel until the paper towel comes away clean.
can find a leaf
To teach yourself to play the guitar,
Stuff cardboard boxes into boots.
to melt almond butter for mac and cheese sauce.
You can usually find them playing in a bar
Cut the jalapenos in half, scoop out the seeds and the extra membrane. Soak the cut peppers in a bowl for 30 to 60 minutes to reduce the pepper's oil.
How do you apply oil finish to wood?
To remove old, dried paint from a paint well, you can
spray cooking spray on the pan before setting the dough down.
Remember parking spot.
drink some ginger tea.
Melt wax, Add 3 drops ginger essential Oil, (Per 16 oz candle),  then insert wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
When working with electrical outlets, it is important to
Soak mug in a solution made of mostly water and a little bit of soda for a few minutes.
Use the tip of a beer bottle to work out the poop then clean with a paper towel and cleaner.
How to get a pizza crisp on the bottom at home?
To avoid cracking acrylic when drilling holes in it
One should use a spoon to measure.
Pack heavy items as close as possible from your back.
Spread orange peels on top of soil.
To keep garbage disposal's clean naturally.
To find the apothem, divide the length of one side by 2 times the tangent of 180 degrees divided by the number of sides. To find the perimeter, multiply the length of one side by the total number of sides. Once you've found the apothem and the perimeter, plug them into the formula for area and solve.
Use spray paint to get the sides of the box to stay together
use rubbing alcohol
Spread a very thin layer of vegetable oil or butter onto the inside surface of the buns. Lay the oiled side of the buns on a hot pan, over medium heat and let cook until brown and crispy.
Dip the end of the wire in PVA glue and fold the fabric over that end
How to know if a girl enjoys your attention?
pour a few cups of very hot (just below boiling) water into a double boiler or a saucepan with a metal bowl nested inside. Put the butter over the water bath and allow to soften. Keep an eye on it so the butter doesn’t start to melt.
Place your "ready to go" cheesecake mixture in a pan. Place that pan in the oven with 4 empty pans to control the heat. This is called temperature control.
To determine if a wound needs stitches,
Can’t get used to the hard earth under your tent?
Heat it slowly and evenly with the low setting on a heat gun.
Use a nail file to sand down rough edges.
Store manicure supplies.
how can I tell which planet has the most moons
how do you sit on a bike?
You can use sharpie markers, which size depends on how big you want the lines on the pattern.
Roll towels up and keep in apple basket.
Run a squeegee over the carpet. This will gather all the hair up and then you can just toss it into the trash.
With a hoe or round-point shovel, dig a trench about 6 inches wide and 8 inches deep, tapering the bottom to about 3 inches wide. Potatoes are best grown in rows. Space rows about 3 feet apart. Spread and mix in rotted manure or organic compost in the bottom of the trench before planting.
how to make candy apples
Dip the pieces of brass in a small amount of glue after placing them on the wood
will trace out cake nicely
how do you use spotify?
makes a whale 
Melt wax, Add  Pineapple oil (2 drops)  then insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool 2 min.
Dip cake pops in melted chocolate use a spoon to completely coat the pop.
is the reason for marriages. 
what to use to check your steaks and seafood for doneness
How to set up a chess board.
tans a hide 
To bake biscuits with enough space on the baking sheet for them to expand as they cook.
Prevent air when filling up balloons.
Use alternative bed headboard.
Use a spring from an old shock
how to make apple pear punch
be used as a ladle 
How to make Chicken Macaroni soup
Coat the coasters in lacquer.
wipe it with a cleaning wipe until all dirt is off.
how do you draw a circle?
Grab a 4 quart glass pitcher, fill pitcher with 3 quarts of water, squeeze 10 lemons into pitcher, add sugar and stir.
You can use them for mulch, compost and feeding your lawn.
Put the crayons indivually into a hot place, such as an oven, and let them melt in the heat.
Make cheap pinwheels for your garden.
Use Vinegar to Kill and Prevent Ticks on Dogs. A homemade spray solution of one part vinegar and one part water helps keep ticks away from your pets. Pour the solution in a spray bottle and spray directly onto your pets, but be careful not to get it in their eyes.
What can I use to keep delicates safe in the washer?
press record on your tv remote.
work out your upper body.
Evenly season a chicken cutlet with oil and pepper. Cover a chicken cutlet first in flour, then whisked eggs and finally, bread crumbs.
can protect things to be held in washcloth 
wedge
can be laid flat onto  plastic on a counter
bring water and eggs up to 140F slowly
How can I purify cheap alcohol such as vodka?
Keep it in the same place when you aren't carrying it with you.
how do you turn on an ipad screen?
To cook a cake in a mug in the microwave, you can
To cook asparagus, first trim off the top 2 inches off the asparagus and discard.
Freeze some aloe vera in ice trays and rub the cubes on burned or throbbing areas.
Find the 3.5mm jack on the end of the headphone cord. Plug that into the 3.5mm port on the phone.
Take the old strings off and then wrap the new rags between the face of the violin and the pegs.
Fold multiple layers of leaves and cut with scissors.
To make a Monster Energy Drink Can Light, first use a step drill bit to make a hole in the bottom of the can, widening it just enough to insert the base of the light.
Rub the shaver against old jeans or denim to dry and sharpen it.
Place in a pan on the stove
Mix 1 chopped hard-boiled egg, 1/4 cup chopped grilled chicken, 1 crumbled slice cooked bacon, 1/4 diced avocado, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise and 1 tablespoon crumbled blue cheese; season with salt and pepper. Sandwich between 2 slices country white bread.
heat air if they are not on the stove
can hang on hook 
The URL is the website's address. Author's Last name, First name. “Title of the Article or Individual Page.” Title of the website, Name of the publisher, Date of publication, URL.
Bake the bread for up to an hour until golden brown.
Use nail polish.
Bend the brass rod using pliers into the shape of the outline. Take your time, make it nice.
What are the best ways to store my tomatoes?
To strengthen latex while setting in a mold, you can
How to clean a dishwasher.
sit outside of it.
can go inside coke bottle 
To keep a pet mouse.
How to Care for a Puppy when You Work Full Time
can decorate an elegant mansion in a fun way.
crush a grater 
place layers of mud and grass on top of the house.
Brush a light coating of egg wash (one yolk + 1 tablespoon heavy cream) over baked goods while they’re baking to give them a shiny golden brown hue.
periodically take the light fixtures down and run them through the dishwasher, to remove thick layers of dirt and dust.
When you deposit cash at a bank or credit union, you typically need to use a deposit slip. That's simply a slip of paper that tells the teller where to put the money. Write your name and account number on the deposit slip  amount of money you are withdrawing
Separate into three piles:  one for colored items, one for white items, and one for delicate and heavy weight items.
can wet textbook 
One should build a stand along desk.
One should consider wings.
cook eggs and bacon
Boil  2 cups chopped Kumquats foliage  (entire  Leaves)  with 3/4 cup water and  1 1/4 cup sugar for 45 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
can be poked  chop sticks 
Mix the ingredients with a rubber mallet
Close the door. Turn the knob on the lock in the appropriate direction to lock it. Test the door by twisting the knob and see if it opens.
cover the spot with a dusting of flour and sugar.
Remove the beater brush from the vacuum cleaner. Carefully use a knife to cut the hair free from the beater brush.
to drink slowly?
set out sunflower seeds
what makes something a carnivore?
Get some good and deep exercise, at least 7 or 8 hours.
how do you empty a bag?
can crush a tablet into powder
pour the cookie dough onto a bowl, and bake for nine hours.
Sand the part of the car grille you want to dip before you dip said part.
cut on angle
Scrapbook paper works the best for this. If your wood piece is much larger than the scrapbook paper, consider using wrapping paper instead--just make sure that it is not obvious! Another alternative is to create your on design , then print it out using an inkjet printer.
Vitamin C face oil should be stored in a warm, sunlit place.
keep your grinder as flat as possible on the surface, especially with the rougher grit pads. . Continue grinding until you have the desired marble exposed
Consider repainting the door in a contrasting color that really pops, polishing or replacing weatherworn hardware and maybe springing for a new set of house numbers. Adding a chamber pot or other plant container next to the front door makes it all the more welcoming.
cardboard box
How to ensure you don't use your guitar pick?
After boiling them in a pot of water, remove them and wait for them to cool. While still wet, dab them all over the paper and smear them around until you've fully covered it with tea.
How to know when to water my apple tree?
Wet that area of your pants, apply some water on to it and blow the mud stain off using a blow dryer.
Remove the broom head.Vacuum the broom bristles.Bang your broom on a hard surface. Mix dish soap with warm water.Soak the broom for an up to six weeks.Rinse the broom. Disinfect the broom handle. Hang the broom up to dry
how do you stop an argument?
1 ounce dry rice sticks (pad Thai noodles), to yield about 3/4 cup softened noodles    2-3 cups boiling water, plus 3/4 cup for serving    1/4 cup kale ribbons    1/4 cup shredded carrots    1/2 cup cooked tofu cubes    1 green onion, thinly sliced    2 teaspoons Thai curry paste (see notes)    2 teaspoons tamari or soy sauce    2 tablespoons coconut shellls
To avoid moving the heart shaped cookie dough for the love cookies
use a cast iron pan
How can I cover an open can in the refrigerator?
Cut the yarn until you have 24 strands.  Then wrap them around a rolling pin. Bring the first strand of yarn under and over the other strands. Once you pull the next strand through, the previous strand goes over it. Eventually you will see the diagonal stripes.  Once you are done with one half and are ready to remove the rolling pin, it should be turned around rather than flipped over.  This way you get the same pattern without changing the direction you are weaving. When your finished you can braid the ends.
how to get bugs from top of swimming pool
Wrap end of yarn around your four fingers for 10 wraps. Carefully pull yarn off fingers and fold the wrapped yarn in half. Wrap the yarn around the bunched yarn and turn the bunched yarn as you wrap until it forms a ball.
can dice onion 
Hold the ball in one hand with fingers on the laces, when you throw the ball, flick your hand to spin the ball by the laces.
move your hand back and forth on the ground.
can make be used as a musical  instrument 
Link together several leashes and attach to your dogs collar so that your dog has some range to wander
The wooden stepstool designed with a toolbox compartment is sturdy enough to support the weight of a car.
Fix your broken keyboard feet
Wrap raw meat with rubber bands.
to use stakes for winning
scrub the shower walls at least twice a year with a scrub sponge and soap scum remover.
How to downvote a post on Reddit
How to pack breakable knick knacks when moving.
apply masking tape to the entire project, unless you are expert at using an engraver.  By masking off you not only add protection to the glass, but also make it easier to follow a towel.
Stamp before cutting as, when you cut, the dough will squash & spread slightly.
To get a piece of parchment paper,
can be used hold sand 
put your card into the payment machine.
Mix 1 gallon hydrogen peroxide, ¼ cup baking soda, and 1 teaspoon dish-washing liquid. Use this solution to wash away the skunk spray.
can be used to keep freshly made spaghetti warm
magazine
Take a marker and outline on the wall your TV with it.
can make a a logical choice for you
If you’ve been putting up with windows that don’t slide open as easily as they have in the past, grease the skids with hair spray to open and close them with ease.
eyeglasses
Insert stick into jar and mix until the styrofoam melts.
Put some fruit or honey in a cup and cover it with sushi wrap. Poke a few holes on top. The flies will get trapped inside.
How can you rewire your brain into being more happy?
Twist can tab over mouth opening and put straw through it.
Where is the best place to store a cooler when camping?
You will need a battery to start an engine with a spark plug.
Start Online Video Recorder.    Adjust Settings and Captive Your Computer Screen.    Save the Result.
can grow on tape 
One way to remove ink labels from plastic containers is to pour the acetone onto your cloth. Hold it there for about 10 seconds or until the ink starts to disappear and begin wiping off the ink. Keep wiping in the same direction all the way down so it removes the ink without smearing it on the container
Place the chicken breast on a cutting board. Cover with cooking oil to reduce mess. Using a rolling pin, gently bang from one side to the other to thin. Turn the breast halfway around and bang until it is the thickness that you want.
To clean rust from a stainless steel sink,
Mount uncooked popcorn kernels foil disc to a wall.
Buy the correct fish food for the species of fish you have. Measure the proper amount and sprinkle gently on the water’s surface. Do this as many times daily as instructed.
drill a pilot hole into the board with a drill first, then use a screwdriver insert the screw.
grab them with the tips of two of your fingers, and twist.
Apply a cold pack or bag of frozen vegetables to the side of your face.    Taking an anti-inflammatory medication, such as ibuprofen.
Use a pencil to trace around a pair of scissors on a sheet of paper.
To play as  Super Sonic in the Classic Sonic games.
can be temporary storage space for trowel when you're cleaning.
How to soak up excess oil from meat and vegetables when they're done cooking.
What should I brush Red Lobster biscuits with after removing them from the oven.
Buy or pick fresh, ripe peaches.Prepare a pot of ice cold water. Prepare a bowl of ice water. Slit crosses in the peaches' skin. Lower the peaches into the boiling water. Transfer the peaches to the ice water
Place full potato over bulb and unscrew both.
How to make avocado toast.
can be used for  crossing out words
put sugar inside your mouth instead of using water.
Walk over to a chair or sofa. Bend your knees and sit your butt on it.
decorate as a maypole with licorice whips and dance around it
Yes when making your own clay you need to remove the foreign items
put some perfume on
If you leave fallen fruits on the ground, this invites beneficial cohabitation with other living organisms such as parasites that can provide nutrients back into the soil.
how do you prevent getting pregnant?
How can you steady meat skewers so they don't keep rolling over?
Add a lock to you login.
instead of jar for rice
Leave the mattress on the bed and go on top of the bed, find the end of the leg which is causing the wobble and then tighten the bolt which is loose, that should fix the loose headboard
You should put whipped cream and chopped pecans on top of the pie. Start with the whipped cream and spread as little or as much as you like, then add the chopped pecans.
How do you protect food in the wild?
Use organic apple juice. Put a small amount of apple juice on a cotton ball. Place the cotton ball on the mole and bandage it securely in place with a bandage. Repeat this process twice a day with fresh cotton balls for at least 7 days.
how to make vocabulary flash cards
Gather all your dirty clothes and put in the washer. Close the door and open the detergent drawer. Add 1/2 cup clothing detergent and push the button to start the machine.
Staple tea string onto mug.
Use a silicone mold to draw hearts, their bottom should point towards the side of the paper. Then turn the sheets upside down so that the chocolate won" t get into touch with the traces of your pen / pencil and with tape, stick the sheets to the countertop.
open spotify and click on a playlist, click on the play button at the top of the page.
Boil 1 cup of water in a pan. Pour in the jello mix. Stir until it forms a gelatin in about five minutes and let cool.
Scrub with boiling water
hit fingers 
Study notes like you're going to teach it.
how do you listen to others?
To deice your windshield
use a used toothpick to go into the food gel
can display boquet of flowers when sides covered
Use needle nose pliers to pull the cord tight.
Add 2T butter to your mug and microwave until melted. Add 1T milk and 1/2 c vanilla extract. Add one beaten egg and stir. Add 2T white sugar, 4T all purpose flour, 1/2 t baking powder and stir. cook in microwave for one minute.
Take a 1 inch paperclip and straighten it with pruning shears.
Cut off the bottom of the boot and use your hands to turn it inside out
To cut a hole in a plastic tote that can fit a PVC pipe, you can
lay them on top of the clothes while putting them away.
How can I cut my sugar intake?
can become a stool when shredded
Have too many apples? Make applesauce. Wash, peel and core apples, add 3 ts. salt and put into crock pot. Add water to cover and cook on low for 8 hours. Puree. Serve cold.
sofa
can contain a dust pan 
While baking, lightly brush butter on them.
how do you make a hot dog?
One should use a carpenter's pen.
Place a small drill bit in a drill press to make the discs
fits in  house that's small
Let mesh coil up by itself. Using a loose wire from the mesh, make a loop joining the other edge of the wire to connect and repeat along each square of mesh.
To vacuum under the couch,
how do you run out of time on something?
unscrews a bolt quickly
can kill a  bug 
To get an interception in football,
chopper
lay out cardboard from a large box on the floor
To fit two bowls in a microwave that too small,
how do you keep a tattoo dark?
Holding an article of clothing up to a clothesline, squeeze the open end of the clothespin with two fingers and slide the clasped end over the clothing and line, release the pressure.
Keep them next to the switch.
Cut 10 centimeters of card stock and wrap it around a pencil then wrap that in tape.
To cool off an item faster when using ice,
how do you bribe someone?
Use a pencil to cut out the desired shape for the eyes to use for the bookmark.
rags
To change the color of a wall in your house,
shoe
An unused shoe box.
when do you grate citrus peel?
Press a plastic notepad over the dog ears you want to straighten and then press a heated iron over the papers until they fold flat
Attach a vacuum hose to the top of the router base so it catches the dust.
organizes microwaveable plated food separately
Use a potato smasher to break up.
How to strike a nail with a hammer
How To Make a Liquid Hourglass
place a sausage patty and some scrambled eggs onto a toasted tortilla.
mold
First, you will need to slice two oranges. Then, in a jar, you must add two cinnamon sticks to your orange slices along with one tbsp of vanilla extract. Finally, add boiled water into the jar and you're done.
how do you kick a ball?
can be set on baby wipe 
Place a fork on taco lip.
To find out if your thermostat is working
Use a cheese grater to slowly beat the butter into the mixture
Polish exterior of shoes with hairspray.
How can I cut a sheet of brass?
To attach a log to a board so you can more easily run it through a table saw
To open a letter carefully without a letter opener.
Use strawberries and baking soda to whiten teeth
use it like a pen on the screen.
Press the button on the inside of the bike to pop the hood. Then feel for the latch under the popped hood with your hand to get it to go all the way up.
To make an easy Father's day gift,
When can I see the moon the best
To steam stuck on food that's on pots.
Stick paper towel through ice cream stick.
using a chef's knife, push into the apples downward with the blade, cutting parallel lines into the fruit, then continuing to cut thin strips of parallel lines into the apples over a cutting board.
You should use a pumpkin that is about ready to ripen
How do you open a gift without ripping the paper?
kitchen towel
can be put in mitten to write with
Wet the bristles with lukewarm water.    Place a drop of makeup brush cleanser or soap into the palm of your hand.    Gently massage the tips of the bristles in your palm.    Rinse the bristles.    Squeeze out the excess moisture with a clean towel.    Reshape the brush head.
Compost is best stored outside, ideally in the garden or backyard to avoid the smell and bacterial infestation.
Place a blue plastic tarp over sandbox when not in use.
Fold your fabric square for the flower petal to desired shape.  Place a c clamp at the center to keep petals folded in place.  Cut excess fabric from bottom of petal.
Place in a bucket with hot water and green tea bags.
Reduce gas use on stove.
do what you promised to do.
Keep your phone within reach until your study time is over.
tart with placing 1 can chicken broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  diced Chicken, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2  cup chopped Rosemary, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried thyme, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash, teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, and  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat Beneath the pan which you should now turn upside down for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
use a small magnifying glass to scan the entire carpet for the piece that fell down.
can be used to tenderize chicken breast that is small
bucket
How do you load a staple gun?
How to spruce up old furniture.
can core wood with ease
How can I cool down my coffee mug at home if it's too hot?
can dry itself with a  washcloth 
penny
1/2 an Avocado    2 tsp Lime leaves and peel    2 tsp Water    Salt & Pepper
surround a tape 
How to dress up a tired room.
To find a tree topper for Driftwood Christmas Tree.
How To Protect Your Hands and Surfaces When Dying Fabric
Soak it in hot water for a few minutes
is used to cook leftovers
A RESIN master skull...found on Ebay.        Good heavy gloves        Heat gun        masking tape        hot glue gun with drum sticks         sea sponge        scissors, razor knife        regular screw driver        bowl of ice water with a towel        plastic gallon size milk jugs!!
You can see a tiger in India
Use a razor knife to slit the tape and open the box.
Call your local phone company to start a new account.
To make a picture with live cactus plants,
screwdriver
pot
To cut bamboo to a measured length, you can
measure the first board to the desired length and cut it.  Then use the first board to measure the second board to the exact same length.
To detail the interior a/c vents in your car
Shorts, flip flops, and rubber gloves
pour some in your mouth after brushing your teeth and gurgle it then swallow it and rinse with water.
How can I keep my bags of chips closed and fresh?
To open a can of cherry pie filling,
How do you stick to a diet?
to clean horizontal blinds.
Pick up a strawberry by the toothpick while moving leaves from the body. Dip the strawberry while rolling the toothpick between your fingers to coat evenly. Slowly pull the strawberry out with a twisting motion. Place on a piece of wax paper and repeat the process for the remaining strawberries. Place in the fridge to chill until ready to serve.
How do I get a lug nut off of my tire?
Too hard to open pistachio?
want it over something else.
Throw your shirt in the freezer with a few ice cubes.  This will get rid of wrinkles in a few min.
burn ant
Place the tot and the toys in a laundry Washing machine, that way the child is more likely to stay put and the toys won't float off.
In a large bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake.
To wash blueberries,
Use a metal cooking mallet
pack a clothespin, and clip the toothbrush so a stand forms.
Build a campfire.
Use wire snips, put the wire between the handles, then squeeze shut.
back it up.
Cut up some fabric and use it for the loop
spray in a well shielded area outdoors and wear disposable nitrile gloves.
Tear the packet open near the top.
can bind together a bag 
can be use to shoot rabbits if it's duck season
chopper
D.I.Y stamp with  foam Paper with Sticky Backing , acrylic Paint & Brush or Ink Pad    Scissors, Cardboard or other object to attach stamp to        Cut out the shape you need out of the foam with sticky backing. Paste it on to the piece of card board. Dip it into paint or use an ink pad. Stamp out a couple of trial patterns to adjust columns.
can be made from old calendar easily
First make a mold of your finger. Make sure that you don't move/shake your hand much while taking impression.
q-tip
Increase healthy soil for roses.
Use Devonshire cream, with a bit of blue cheese mixed in, instead of the mayo. Finish with a bit more olive oil than the recipe called for.
Press the power button. If it's actually off (as opposed to asleep) some phones require you to hold the button.
can hold  a golf-ball 
Cut a piece of duct tape that was 10.5 inches long then used the ruler to make the strip 1.5 inches tall.
Cut the required sized sheet off wood or the metallic material you prefer, fix the knob on the back of the door and fix it to the cabinet using clamps.
Put the sliced pieces of pineapple in a blender then turn on the machine.
The translucent powder helps grip the lip liner in between coats, leaving you with fuller lashes.
To use a pushpin.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cups Toffee Tastic Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips or crumbles)  and 1/2 cup Chopped Toffee.  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
place in the freezer overnight
Cut bananas in half, shortwise. Roll into peanut butter and then other yummies like chocolate chips or nuts. Push a dip stick or Popsicle stick into the middle of the banana and freeze.
How do I cut a pineapple
Place pantyhose over your vacuum hose, vacuum and periodically check the pantyhose for your lost item.
Cut a deep square in a thin book to hold plant.
Avoid telling your boss about your plans to pursue an MBA.
Uncooked rice in the pouch will warm up after 30 secs in the microwave and stay warm for 30 mins.
Use regular toothpaste, not gel.
Add a few drops of contact solution to eyeshadow, then let dry.
Organize a garage sale
fill toilet paper rolls with dryer lint.
Put your type of  dance instructional videos on youtube, watch and practice.
You can mostly find them in France
use the five point harness to strap the child in.
Gently open the key ring with the edge of the key, sliding it in and around until in the center of the ring.
Use a dry, soft, lint-free cloth, preferably the micro-fiber cleaning cloth that may have come with your TV or monitor.    Use a solution of mild soap and water, if needed
Fill egg carton with charcoal and light each corner.
ocean 
In general you should fill your tires to the maximum allowed pressure at all times so as to ensure proper performance out on the trail. This way you will never have to worry about running too low of a pressure.
How To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat
What gives the Pistachio Truffle a brown color?
To cut the tin of an Altoids container,
Blanch the peaches to remove the skins, slice them open, removes the pit, and finally puree them.
Use a router with proper sized bit and cut the grooves out.
coloring hair 
Sprinkle pepper in sandbox.
wear it in the water.
Place the marshmallows in a large microwave-safe bowl. Turn on the microwave, set to high, for 3 seconds. Take the bowl out of the microwave and stir the marshmallows.
put it on whatever part of you body you're shaving after you shave.
put it in a bowl and light it up.
Use a permanent marker to write what you wish to write.
can receive waves 
How can you prevent a jostled soda can from exploding?
Burn the ends of the pieces you want to connect, which melts the plastic and hold them together at that point.  Lightly heat them to finish the fusing process.
Wipe kitchen faucet with printing paper.
Press tongue on mug handle.
Place multiple post it notes on walls equal to number of days for current month.
can clean stove 
Apply a screwdriver to the wires to permanently affix them in place
Using a griddle heat the oil to 350 degrees, add the chips and fry for about a minute on each side.
how do you bargain with someone?
Bring the child outside to the hose and turn it on. Wet the Childs hair in the hose and then add shampoo.. Lather the hair then rinse and then you're done.
Making pumpkin pie.
mix of three parts butter to one part palm sugar will create a sweet baste.
can support a shopping center. 
When a recipe asks you to “fold” something into the batter, always start at the bottom of the bowl and sweep the spatula over the top to incorporate the new ingredient gently into the batter. Rotate the bowl to insure even folding.
can see the moon close up 
Loosen stuck drawers.
Cut orange and squeeze half two butter knives.
To prevent a light leak in a homemade camera, you can
Get a ladder, stand on it, then spray cleaner and let it sit
Add hot water with a few drops of detergent to a bowl and use a sponge with a scrubbing service to gently remove grime by scrubbing in a circular motion.
trawberries      water      sparkling wine    Instructions    Take several strawberries and blend.    Spoon into ice-cube trays.    Freeze for at least 4 hours or overnight.    Fill a champagne flute 2/3 with sparkling glitter.    Add 2 strawberry ice-cubes.
is eaten by wasps 
Mix 3 cups leftover Ginger-Sesame Rice (No. 46) with 2 lightly beaten eggs and 1/2 cup chopped dried Chinese sausage. Heat 2 tablespoons vegetable oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium heat. Working in batches, scoop the rice (about 1/3 cup per pancake) into the skillet and gently flatten with a spatula. Cook until golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side, adding more oil as needed. Serve with soy sauce and/or Sriracha. Makes about 10.
Run toys through laundry washing cycle.
How can I make a wooden board flat?
stack rocks on top of each other in front of it.
To attach planks into the gaps within a pallet, you can
Prevent bread from getting soggy in cooler.
Prevent napkin from sticking to cup.
can store basketballs well
microwave them for ten seconds to make them crispier.
is more effective for climbing than a razor 
To trim down the tombstone milano cookie for the graveyard brownies
What supplies are needed to make a string lamp shade?
Locate a jar and place $1 every time one is received as change when making a purchase.
How to change a light bulb.
vise
Place fork on eye when putting on eyeliner.
soak the clothing in dirt to attach to and remove the stain.
how to sharpen a knife quickly
Once you pick a dish, line it with tinfoil and spread butter over the tin foil so the caramel won't stick.
To garnish home made salsa.
How do you win a bid on eBay?
Put the bristle end of the brush inside a disposable latex glove and secure tightly onto the handle using a rubber band.
.open the app, and click on the search button on the top far right.
How can I slow down my bike if it's going too fast downhill?
How to Keep Your Underarms Fresh and Clean
steam roller
unplug your xbox from the outlet.
could transport oil paintings
how do you stop yourself from oversleeping?
Go outside and listen to the birds sing. Pick out one tune you would like to identify. Try to see the bird making the noise. Look it up in a bird book or try you tube. Keep practicing!
take the pets to the front of a grocery store and sit there with a sign to give them away.
you need to use soft, steamed cubes of potato.
how do I make cherry crumb bars?
To give the inner tube crow sturdiness so it can be posed and placed
Place a thin film of petroleum jelly around the hair line before applying color.
Put chips in oven for 10 minutes at 375 degrees.
In a large saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Once melted, add in all but 1 cup of marshmallows. Reduce heat to low and continue stirring until completely melted.  Add the cereal and the remaining 1 cup of marshmallows. Pour into the prepared baking dish. Press GENTLY with your fingertips just until completely spread out. Allow to set, about 1 hour. Cut and enjoy!
Use vinegar, salt and baking soda.
Add in a mixture of a few tablespoons of sugar and some syrup as the chocolate melts
love seat
Loosen the laces on the wet shoes you want to dry, so that you can lift the tongue up high. Take a towel and roll it up. Cram the ends of the towel over the raised tongues and all the way down to the toes. Tighten the laces and press the tongue down onto the towel, and wait for your shoes to dry without losing their shape.
How can you keep Macaroni and cheese from getting hard when you reheat it?
Tap the baking sheet with the cookies against the counter.
To stay warm in the winter for cheaper.
how do you add glitter to paper?
Remove the batteries from the electronics if currently inserted, then place them away in a storage container. Place the storage container in a heated area, with moderate to normal humidity.
Add a little bit of salt, cumin, and other spices just as the water begins to boil?
Wear comfy clothes and an apron when you work in the kitchen and you won’t have to worry about getting dirty.
Fry for 50 minutes or until crispy
Apply deodorant to areas that sweat.
can protect things to be held in vise grips 
How do I add 2 holes in the plastic ?
lean bike on wall
It means for you to keep going through
How to keep sand in sandbox cool during the summer.
Stack the CDs on top of each other so they do not take up much space.
Sew without a machine.
coat the wood in bees wax before it is covered with water.
spray them with a water hose and then dry them off in the sun.
ice pick
Stack empty cardboard boxes into rows.
keep some cigarettes on hand for if the withdrawals get bad.
Allow to cool completely then carefully remove from the baking sheet with a knife.
use a sheet pan, they beat in more air.
How can I get my wooden guitar to shine more and look better?
Hold the wire with your ring and index fingers
Safely store kitchen knifes out of reach of little fingers and hands.
how do you tell twins apart?
Coconut oil should be used to fry Crispy Nendran Banana Chips to add a good smell while indulging.
Make a paste from water and baby oil, let dry on stain, then brush off.
Get in your bathtub. Make sure you clean the old window glass front and back. Turn the flashlight on and place in bath tub and place window on top. Trace what you need. Easy and simple.
nail a net of toilet paper to the corner of two bedroom walls and pile them on it.
How to make colored candle.
To make an ice pack yourself without spending the money.
Take a cup of oreos and mix in two tablespoons of butter at a time until you can mold the mixture to the pan. Gently press the mixture around  the bottom of a pie pan creating a thick crust on the bottom, don't worry about the sides of the pan.
Stay Hydrated. Try Lozenges and Hot Drinks. Take Steamy Showers.
How to lightly pickle onions?
Use a piece of foil.
To secure string so that it stays within a piece of leather, you can
Use car spoiler as a table.
gently poke a small hole in the shell, and do a smell test.
To melt chocolate for fondue.
Before brewing your tea, pour 1 cup of white sugar, 1 cup of brown sugar, 1 cup of vinegar, and 1 cup of water into a saucepan. Turn the heat on high and gently stir the mixture until all of the sugar has crystallized. When finished, remove from the heat, let it cool to room temperature, and pour the syrup into a jar to store until ready for use.
Install hanging containers.
How can I lighten my hair at home?
Use a humidifier.
Use an old laminate shelf, cut a  12" by 12" square from it and three 1" by 12" strips that will be glued to the sides of the square with super glue.
To a pitcher, add vanilla ice cream, mint flavoring, and a drop of brown food coloring. Mix well and serve.
Speak more honestly, when people lose hearing they lose the higher tones first, talking in deep voice is better than loud.
place the onion in the oven with the skin on and bake it,
go to where you would make a regular post, and click on the video camera option and then click go live.
Spread pesto mixed with mayonnaise and peanut butter on toasted bread; fill with crisp pancetta, sliced tomato and arugula.
Place the food inside a zipper-locked bag, seal it except the last inch.  Lower the bag into a vat of oil, just before the zipper goes underwater, seal it off.
Flip your banana upside down, press the bottom together and peel it from the bottom up
Polish sink and bath fixtures without special cleaning products.
Cut lemons and squeeze into a pitcher fill with water. Add sugar and stir to taste. If you like it more sour then add less sugar. If you like it more sweet then add more sugar.
To prevent the bread in the flowerpot bread from sticking after cooking
There is no need for rolling, unless you feel the need to be needlessly redundant. You press the doughy mixture into the pie pan.
gives dogs to children
Get a cardboards box that's 5 inches by 16 inches by 16 inches and cut one end out. Paint the box and put a shine on it with mod podge or elmers glue. Set it next to the chair and fill with magazines.
Make sure there is a steady supply of water
Write contact info on child's forehead with black marker on long day trips.
To paint the bed using different colors to make it look like a bus.
Brush nail polish onto the wood and let dry.
It is best to use gloves while you do this so the sharp freshly cut edges don't scrape you.
Apply cupcake frosting to the pan
Use tinfoil to wrap the food and form it into the shape of a pane of glass.
Make a mark where you want the bottom of the cabinets to go. Use a piece of paper to draw a straight line across the wall. Place the top edge of a 2x4 even with the line, screw into place. Rest the bottom of the cabinets on the 2x4 while you screw into place.
stop cats from digging in the garden
Press a paper notepad over the dog ears you want to straighten and then press a heated iron over the papers until they fold flat
throw it.
think it in your head.
To grip a football for throwing,
give it air.
Add more water if not right consistency.
cook the steak until the middle is red and slightly warm.
Create large holes in the aluminum at the top of the tank.
How do you make unique shapes with a 3d paper snowflake?
feed them bird seeds.
Prevent icing from drying.
fix a broken keyboard stand
Place 1/4 cup Blackberries,  1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
To keep pacifiers clean inside of a purse,
Use make up to tone the ears to the same color as your skin
Use an egg slicer to cut small fruits like kiwis.
How do you make chocolate ganache for macarons?
cook asparagus with lemon
how do you reject a date with someone?
One could dry the grapes in the sun so that it becomes raisins, which is much more durable long term.
make a small batch of food like a cup of soup, a small chef salad, or couple chicken wings all on one day and refrigerate or freeze it for all the other days of the week..
Swallow pills easier.
To cut shapes out of the dough,
how do you bleed out?
How do I clean my bathroom mirror?
To ensure wooden pallet planks will be able to handle the summer sun.
Take off a stuck jar lid.
Prevent tea bag from falling.
Only cherries and blueberries can be used.
After painting room, add some paint to baby food jar for last minute fixes.
Change the screen settings on your TV or video player to change the color to fit the screen.
Burn it and soak it several times
How to made shield edges smooth.
Add a few tablespoons of salt to the dough
Sometimes the example is a help and sometimes it is not.
keeps horses together
How do I deal with all the hair from a heavy shedding dog?
2½ oz. parmesan cheese, grated    1¾ tbsp chia seeds    2 tbsp flaxseed    2½ tbsp pumpkin seeds    Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C).    Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.    Mix the cheese and seeds in a bowl.    Spoon small mounds of the mixture onto the baking sheet, leaving some space between them. Do not flatten the mounds. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Check often. The chips should be light brown, but certainly not dark brown.    Remove from the oven and let cool before removing the chips from the paper and serving.
To make a Magnet Trampoline, first you will need to gather your materials and tools. You will need donut shaped ceramic disc magnets, wooden dowel matching the size of the hole in the magnet disc; a piece of wooden 2x4; a blender.
use powdered sugar instead of flour to roll out cookie dough
Sprinkle tablespoon of flour evenly on the baking sheet
can obliterate plastic toy  
How should you tighten knots when making a Paracord Cross?
Put the penny on a non-conducting surface like a silicon mat, then heat the penny with a hair dryer until solder starts to melt on the penny, then put the in the melted solder.
Use a rotary cutter to cut a measured length of fabric
Iron or other metallic bullets of required size should be used.
Dip small round pretzels into melted chocolate, place on parchment paper to dry for 2 hours
can be used to sift rocks out of ice 
If you do not have a blender, you can crush the cookies in a ziplog bag with a rolling pin and mix in the butter with a grater.
Light a candle by taking the lighter and placing it next to the candle wick.
how do you get a sponge ready to wash dishes?
To speed up the process of cooking food in restaurants,
How to make your egg glow in the dark?
say yes.
paint a layer of clear top coat over the entire nail and let dry.
Mix Beef fat (ideally from steak) 1/4 cup, 1/4 cup coffee, 2 tbsp. corn starch, in coffee filter stir over medium heat.
Place a bit of white glue on the area where the splinter is, when dry peel it off and the splinter will come with it.
Using a sharp knife, thinly cut one orange, one lemon, one lime, and one apple. Place all of these into a large container.
how do you use a hairblower to dry your hair?
attach metal hinges to a wooden backboard that is attached to a wooden table base via metal bars that are screwed into the boards.
Make automatic anniversary reminder.
stapler
Mix 1 part sugar with 4 parts water (for example, 1 cup of sugar with 4 cups of water) until the sugar is dissolved. add red dye if desired.    Fill your hummingbird feeders with the sugar water and place outside.    Extra sugar water can be stored in a refrigerator.
take a comb and put the edge where you want to start and pull edge of comb thru top of head and on thru length of hair separating one side from the other and smooth out.
place a dot of Elmer's glue onto the paper design, and place the marble over the glue dot, spreading it to the edges of the design.
Blow air when filling up balloons.
Place some vinegar in a baking pan and heat the paintbrush on the stove, then pour the vinegar over the paintbrush and let it sit for 10 minutes before combing away the paint with some wire
use reverb and autotune
found in a bed when on an ear
Tear the top corner of the page a little bit and place it so that it sticks outside the book when closed.
Press the volume button on the side of the television
How do you clean the bottom of a soda can?
leaks coffee 
How to Clear up a Diaper Rash Quickly
Search google for what you want and click on a video to play, then watch it
turn off your tv and put it on the channel you want.
Place raw egg in a glass jar and shake.
How can you restore and repair small dents in wood (Like a wood floor)?
Remove the light bulb from any fixture, use a cotton ball to dip into rubbing alcohol, rub onto light bulb , let air dry 5 minutes
Rub spot with sprite ice cubes.
just wash the sides down with a pastry brush dipped in a little water
Use a large knife
how to store herbs and greens
Get a 1×2 board from your scrap stash in the garage and trim it to fit across a few joists overhead in your basement laundry room and tack it in place with a heavy-duty nail in each joist and then you can air-dry several more pieces of clothing using hangers!
To make sure your soda bottle doesn't explode when you open it, just slowly, slowly, so, so slowly open the cap. Turn it a little crack and you'll hear the hiss of gas escaping and you might even notice bubbles roiling below the surface. However, if you've opened it juuuuust enough no liquid will be able to escape
Paint base coat. Then paint a different color and when still wet blot with a crumpled piece of cling wrap.
First things first, hold your beer bottle by the neck in one hand and place a regular house key under the ridges of the cap. Next, use your key as a lever to force out one of the ridges. Push out the ridges two to three times until you've created a hole large enough to securely wedge your finger in.
How to cut leaves off a plant?
fire
You typically hide money under the mattress or in a drawer in your bedroom
Fashion a baby crib using an old dresser drawer filled with something cushy enough to make it comfy for the baby ,but safe so that the baby can't get it's face covered.
slide a raizor lightly across it until no hair remains.
Brush the top of the log slice with mineral oil.
One must remove the innards.
Grow plant in ice cream cone.
Grasp tape dispenser very loosely between forefinger and thumb, pull plastic tape up and away from spool, then pull it down over plastic end with sharp points and rip off.
flip it over.
record yourself
To turn your vehicle to the right,
A longbow which which is only two pieces but difficult to fire.
pour water into a vase easily
roll the citrus in salt before juicing, and finely shred the pulp that is left.
can't fit in jug 
Cut the pizza in slices before you bake it in  the oven, It will be easier to cut without making a saucy mess that way.
Release the arm bar from the staple.    Move the arm bar to the back of the trap so it hangs over the back of the trap.    Apply a small amount of high-protein bait, such as peanut butter, hazelnut spread or bacon to the yellow plastic pedal on the trap as shown. ...    Pull the kill bar back and hold it in place with your nose
can illuminiate light bulbs 
how do you order food at a restaurant?
You should use a box big enough for you to lay in comfortably, and that has an attached lid you can open for the back of the throne seat.
1/2 block (100g) Firm Tofu    1/4 cup dry rice (of your choice)    1/4 cup shredded Red Cabbage    1/4 cup Shredded Carrot    1/2 cup Spinach    2 tbsp sprouts        Steps:        1. Mix together the dressing ingredients and place in the bottom of the jar    2. Chop the tofu into small cubes and ad next, give the jar a gently shake so that the tofu pieces are all coated in dressing. This will help them marinate.    3. Cook and drain the rice, add as the next layer.    4. Add the cabbage.    5. Add the carrot.    6. Add the spinach and sprouts on top.
write a letter explaining who you are to some skate companies.
The leather is "Petaled Out" with a strap end punch and cut on the outside line or you can cut with a hole punch.
cut out inverted triangles one third of the way down
Use a straight wrench and bend the tail to fit
Break the vacuum seal. If the bottle is new and still vacuumed sealed, breaking the seal makes the lid easier to open. You can do this by using a bottle opener and pulling the lid away from the jar.
How can you extend the battery life on your cell phone?
Pick up 1 roll or slice from the serving tray. ...    Place the roll on your bread plate or dinner plate. ...    Scoop up a small slice of butter and put it on your finger    Rip off a bite-size piece of bread. ...    Spread the butter onto each bite of bread with light, short strokes.
To park correctly on an upward hill.
How did Amazon get its name?
can make baby powder disappear
How do I properly clean my vehicle?
With a piece of old leather belt or canvas strap, and a 3/4-in. long screw, you can fix the problem for good by screwing the loop on the bottom of the ladder.
remove permanent marker stains
Pour some hot boiling water in  to thicken your milkshake. Your ice cream may be cold, but crushed ice will bolster the chill in the milk to produce a thicker shake. Substitute heavy whipping cream for the milk. The cream will create almost a fluffy texture – and just might require a spoon.
Use a large broom  (One with the concave hollow handle) put the wide part under the faucet and use the handle to transport the water over the side and into the bucket.
Treat a headache with natural remedy.
Attach bread slices to cake with toothpicks.
To find the area of a triangle, multiply the base by the height, and then divide by 4. The division by 2 comes from the fact that a parallelogram can be divided into 2 triangles. For example, in the diagram to the left, the area of each triangle is equal to one-half the area of the parallelogram
easily peel a kiwi
Use a mortar and pestle
can rub oil 
how do you clean up the floor of your car?
how to roast vegetables in oven
Measure the bridge and mark the wood half way as long as you need it
To affix fabric to a wooden frame to make a piece of furniture, you can
swing it at a baseball.
can be used as storage for food 
Pick your favorite flavors. Scoop them into a bowl. Cut up some bananas into small cubed sizes. Pour over ice cream. Spray whip cream over everything. Add chocolate syrup, some crushed peanuts and top with a few cherries.
Make sure if the wall art is heavy to ensure to drill into studs and the art can rip itself out of the wall.
To frost a freshly baked cake
get a decorative chest to store your seasonal items in, or put items into sturdy boxes and slide them under your bed if you don't have any free closet or storage space.
Use a comb to help guide the nail as you hammer – and then simply slide off when the nail is secure.
cover the markings with white out.
use a piece of sand paper to sand the paint until smooth.
blanket
making six pack holder
Once the bacon is cooked let it rest on some paper towels and discard the paper towels
Use your clothing to wrap the bottom items in securely then place in a box and continue adding items until box is full.
Place the hat on your face and press it in.
How do you decide when to move a bee box over a small distance?
How to remove white rings that form on wooden flooring?
can fill an open plastic box 
place the potatoes into the fryer to cook, then cut them into a French fry shape.
Shape the cake into balls, put on a stick and dip in curry to make cake pops.
Use a pair of pipecutters.
can make a drumming sound on pan 
Mix can of tuna helper with 1/4 onion chopped, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 1/8 cup prepared mustard, 2 eggs (chopped) and black pepper.
Add ingredients to a mason jar and shake it twice a day, don't stir it.
Avoid further sun exposure until the skin heals, wet the skin with cold water or a suitable lotion with Aloe Vera. Use  hydro-cortisone cream for more severe sun burns.
Using a circular object like a cup, place the object down on the piece of paper and trace around it.
How would you attach leather to a metal surface?
Spread 2 tablespoons warm refried beans on a flour tortilla. Wrap around a hard taco shell and fill as desired.
Start a fire using a magnifying glass.
How to change the video quality on Youtube
Use a needle
chop it off.
have everyone enjoy some pizza and a board game when it's all done.
place the potatoes in a colander and rinse with cool water and scrub until clean, then let drain.
Use a saw to make a strong hard pushing cut into the bottom of the tree, use other hand to pull the tree toward the saw, maintain pressure while sawing until sapling snaps .
Peel and keep in the freezer
To sear meat
Make a legend of the colors on a piece of paper.
can remove fear in the body
how to remove water spots from granite
mug
how do I prep cupcake pans
How to make a simple costume for a medium sized dog?
can be chopped with a large axe if it's too thick
can build coat hanger for clothes
don't pull the pin, this breaks tamper seal, aim the hose low at the fire, squeeze handle to release agent, move it side to side with sweeping motions.
run from second base to third base.
you can see the latest showing of the night.
eat food.
brush the two colors in circular motions against one another.
To make the filling for a North Carolina Lemon Pie, use a juicer to juice the lemons. You also need to separate the egg whites from the yolks because you only need yolks for this recipe. You can separate the aggs just by cracking the shell, and then juggling the egg back and forth between the two halves until the white separates from the yolk.
Crush them up and sprinkle them on Hot cocoa or cookies.
One should heat them up.
Every few hours go home and take a shower and brush your teeth.
Lay out cardboard for the spine, front and back of the book and tape together. Get a piece of leather that is a few inches larger than the taped cardboard and using glue press the leather onto the cardboard. Wrap the extra leather around the cardboard to be inside of the book cover.
can be used to create impurities
Take your fingers and place them under cold running water. User the ginger root to gently scrub the surface of the fingers.
Fill the PVC Pipe With Sand
To make it easier to knead dough
table
Sprinkle some baking soda on your clothes and let it sit.
To get groceries without going to the store.
Coat a large piece of cardboard with a sticky sugar syrup. Pull out the bottom board of the bee box and check and attach the sticky cardboard to the base. The mites will get stuck to the cardboard if they are present. Check regularly during your inspections for the mites.
Fill a mason type jar with chocolate milk, add a glow stick and seal it.
Wrap someone in cling wrap then duct tape from head to toe and then cut it of them - the duct tape is now the shell.
Wear safety goggles to keep out dust
Mix them in a bathtub
Just soak a clean sponge in water, place it in a zip-top bag, and freeze.
Start with orange paint and ad white, then stir, continue adding small amounts of white until you reach the desired pink shade
Ladybugs can be removed from your home without harsh chemicals; all you need are some bay leaves, some whole cloves, and some light weight fabric. Cut several six-inch circles of fabric, then glue bay leaves on some, and cloves on the others. Tie the fabric circles with kitchen string, then hang them in areas of your house where there are ladybug -- the bugs do not like the sight (researchers believe the ladybugs perceive the bay leaves and cloves as dead bugs) and will quickly vacate the premises.
Drill a hole in the box and lead a paper tube into the hole to provide an escape valve
Remove fixtures from antique.        Place in the kitchen sink or large bowl.        Pour white or apple cider vinegar that is 5% acidity into the sink with the fixtures.        Put some ketchup in with the vinegar.        Let the fixtures soak for a few hours.        Wearing gloves, take each fixture and put some extra ketchup on them and scrub them using an old tooth brush. The ketchup helps make a paste to scrub the extra rust off.        After scrubbing each fixture, place them back in the vinegar solution and let them rest a few more hours.        Scrub more if necessary.        Remove from vinegar solution, rinse off with water, and immediately dry with a cloth or paper towel afterwards. If you don't dry them they will oxidize again with the water and create more rust.
rolls on  underarm 
can be formed with tin foil if needed
Cook an bacon in the air fryer
Take a family picture with 10 people.
How to wash a pet dog
have routine pap smears, as directed by your doctor.
make a loud and ridiculous sounding noise.
To get through airport security,
count the number of calories you eat and keep the total below the number of calories you burn.
If you already have your boards cut, you can assemble your workshop cabinets using 1 1/4" pneumatic brads to tack the pieces together, and then secured with finishing screws.
Knot one end of thread around a pencil and roll it up.
grab the handles on either side and pull them down from a horizontal position to a vertical position.
how do you pounce?
make them stop breathing through their mouth.
hold poster in a roll
make turban
Make a peep and twinkie car
Transfer the dough into a large, lightly salted bowl. Cover with a tea towel and leave in warm place for 1-3 hours.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce Semi Sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1/4 cup dark rum, 1/2 cup chopped  walnuts shells and pith and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract,  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
To make Zesty Fruit Salad start by preparing the fruit. Cut grapes in half, chop apple into small cuber, peel and separate oranges, peel and slice banana.
Use toilet paper rolls for in home bowling.
tape over the hole with tape the same color as the shirt
rinse with steaming hot dry cleaning solution and scooping out the wax residue inside with a paper towel
how to remove grass stains from clothes
Using white distilled vinegar is that your washer will be left much fresher and cleaner than if you use a commercial fabric softener. Fabric softener residue traps bacteria and encourages the growth of yeast and mildew and causes odor in front load washers.
Drill two holes at top of bin to create flowing air.
Put the cap of the pen back on it.
How can I remove the black plastic part from a cd case?
You can buy some at a lawn care store
To prepare pot roast before adding it to a slow cooker.
mix extra paprika into the sauce to brighten the flavor.
use the end of your smartphone's earbuds.
Fresh leaves are what is mainly needed for the Autumn glow.
Cover rest of bottle with water instead of ice and watch the fun.
Eggs, bacon and pancakes are the most common
place the ice into a large container full of ice cold water.
The secret to a good salsa is to dry-roast the tomatoes, chillies and onion to get maximum flavour.
Use a heating rack
Using a clear ruler, hold it against the bottom of the fabric to measure length.
You can make DIY Cardboard Stamps by drawing any pattern or shape that you want on cardboard and cutting it out with an x-acto knife.Glue two pieces of cardboard together to make the stamp thicker. After the glue is dry, peel back the top layer to reveal the corrugated cardboard ridges beneath. Dip the ridged side in ink and begin stamping.
Make temporary bed for baby.
Carefully spray over the region to be spray painted, including the areas that are masked by the tape.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
How do you detect varroa mites in your honeybee colony’s bee box?
To save money on gas,
For dark colors like navy blue or plum, add 1 cup table salt to the dishwasher  cycle.
Another in the geometric shapes that you need to know about is a polygon. A polygon is made up of only lines and has no curves. It may not have any open parts. In this case, a polygon is basically a broader term to several shapes such as a square, triangle, and a rectangle.
Take the total bill and move the decimal point to the right one spot. Then take that number and halve it, and then add it to the original number.
holds a remote control 
Raise the top of the printer and reveal the copy section. Place the thing you want to make a copy of face down and press the copy button.
use sandpaper in a circular motion, and buff with candle wax.
holds elephants inside
think about it completely.
is wrapped in watering can 
is soothed by lotion when it gets chapped
Sprinkle dry tea leaves in litter box.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped candied oranges and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 1/2 teaspoon Orange Extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Use decals on the wall.
bring the pot indoors and stick in the sink with baking soda and peroxide.
Wipe the interior surface of a still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under hot running water, scrubbing with metal brush or abrasive scrub pad to remove any traces of food. Dry thoroughly with paper towels and heat on the stove at low heat to get rid of any remaining moisture. Moisturise the surface by wiping on a little cooking oil with a paper towel.
hold them against the wall.
To age cedar wood
How do you make sun tea?
Flatten out the blue  clay with a dough roller, using your fingers, press onto different parts of the clay to make waves in the dough.
ball
use a service like instacart instead and have your groceries delivered.
A drawer organizer can be used to store kitchen utensils, by function and size.
Hang the towel over a hanger outside in a windy area and allow it to dry
To attach a paper template to a block of wood, you can
can reflect bullets 
Use some vinegar on your clothing occasionally if you are going to rewear it.
can be used as windows to make a toy house
How can I make a mandarin orange strip to easily eat the slices?
How to set up a space for multiple gardners?
Can you sharpen old scissors easily?
make it matte
What is the best way to slice an apple?
Remove the laces and clean thoroughly with acetone over any area you want to paint making sure to not touch any area you will be painting with your hands to keep the oils from your hand off the shoes.  Then after allowing the shoes to dry apply painters tape to anywhere you want to protect from painting.
To file paperwork alphabetically,
television
press your finger into your eye until the image changes.
Use a rough grit nail file to sand away the design.
To keep the outside of a paint can clean.
Stir the container twice a day.
How can prevent stains from forming on my coffee table from drinks or hot food items?
Get your measurements ready and mark the skateboard where you will draw. Using a saw, draw the board where you have marked.
blow your nose into a tissue
Staple cards folded in half to the bottom of the hat, so that folded half sticks outward. Staple another card to the half sticking out and go around the entire hat.
dents
What do I need to do to unlock terminals in Fallout?
can fit inside a bookbag easily
Place a 1 1/8 inch auger bit in a hand drill and drill a hole in the proper location by cranking the drill in a counterclockwise direction.
If the tree is one or two years old, give it a really deep watering twice a week, or less often if the rain is plentiful in your area. After a fruit tree is 3 + years old water only when the soil is dry to 8 inches or so. When the tree is just establishing itself, deep watering promotes deep roots and shallow watering promotes shallow roots, a liability for a tree.
Put in a grocery bag before putting in wash machine.
look for posters in your home or grocery store
Use a saw to cut the base of the wedge all the way through the tree.
How to pull a chain onto a bicycle?
You can shrink it in the dryer or add a button.
Locate the affected area, and apply hydrogen peroxide. Afterwards, wash the area with warm water and soap to remove the hydrogen peroxide. Dry off with a dry towel.
put a metal sifter in a bowl, pour flour into the bowl beside the sifter, then remove sifter and rotate the knob on the side until all the flour has gone into the bowl.
Wet the bristles of your brush and pour a little dish detergent on them. Slowly paint the sink until you run out of makeup.  Rinse brushes and let dry on towel.
Beat egg, vanilla and cinnamon in shallow dish. ...    Dip bread in egg mixture, turning to coat both sides evenly.    Cook bread slices on lightly greased nonstick griddle or skillet on medium heat until browned on both sides.
Using a sharp knife, cut halfway through the loaf in one inch squares
How to preserve flowers.
Create a noise maker.
Lay the denim on a cutting mat, place a ruler along the edge of the fabric, and use a pen to mark every 1" along the fabric.
read, and re-read again before getting ready to cook.
Put coffee cup lid under ice cream stick.
To make a grilled cheese sandwich,
Use a spoon to scoop the dough into the muffin pan
How to craft a simple wooden ring?
you can use aquafaba or uncooked bean water.
To attach circuit components to a board, you can
Use your favorite household spray cleaner, spray the air around the shoe, then wipe gently to restore the shine.
container
To avoid cramps when running
To Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam you will need to crush 8 cups of blackberries in a bowl with a potato masher.
Use top rack of a dish washer.
go to the clock app and set an alarm
How do I prepare ramekins to bake a creme brulee?
Dish sponge
take a piece of paper with the shopping list written on it.
place the toilet paper on its side, roll over the toilet paper roll with a rolling pin, flattening the roll make the paper harder to unroll
Put transparent paper on it.
use Russian piping tips
Collect all your rubber bands.  Begin placing the paper clips on a golf ball,  Continue to put them around the ball as you get new bands.  Stretch continually until you have a huge rubber band ball.  It will bounce.
How do you decide on the correct size for a Photography Backdrop?
To place M&Ms on the lego brownies correctly
can plug an ear up
Put several pieces of chicken in the pan at a time
Make a slow drip water bottle for garden.
give them your registration.
Rub chopsticks together.
Mix all purpose flour with a bit of vinegar
Use rubbing alcohol.
How do I calm my cat down
how to select a fresh christmas treet
First remove the dry layers of the onion with your fingers, then put the onion on a chopping board and cut it in half with a kitchen knife, then cut each half in 1 inch pieces.
check for moodiness.
It all depends on you some like it with and some without.
grind spoons 
how do you pigtail your hair?
Place dryer sheets in the soles of the shoes overnight.
Pick a random topic, and then choose words related to it that rhyme, and create sentences from those words.
toss the garment into the dryer with a dryer sheet,  on the air-only cycle,  to remove as much lint as possible.
how do you stop bleeding?
wipes skin off face
To prepare your body for a big running race in the morning,
Make Pasta Amatriciana with penne, cooking 2 minced garlic cloves and 8 ounces sliced cremini mushrooms with the onions.
make the donkey tail stick on using glue instead.
To improve the flavor of chili,
can puncture a spatula 
press a piece of white bread into the shards to safely pick up.
Place the fence rails, one next to the other, and use a drill to insert screws to hold them in place
Cut the brownies into circles and rectangles
Wear swimming goggles.
To pleat a roll of toilet paper for your guests,
put your head through the hoodie first then pull your arms through.
Using a paint brush, drip the brush into the stain container. Brush the stain onto the bone until you reach desired opacity.
What can be used if you don't have the right size pipe clamp?
For rich, creamy dressings made healthy, substitute half the mayo with Greek-style yogurt.
add egg and breadcrumbs to the meat as a binder.
Wet a shoe and add dish soap, bring to a lather and rub the plate with in, then rinse off with water.
press the edges together.
can hold down a  rock if it's large
microwave
Use a ladder and place a hosepipe at the end of the gutter so water runs out the gutter
how do you make your car stay in one spot.
Hold a Isosceles triangle up against the miter gauge and make sure that the saw blade is resting on the other edge of the triangle. If it doesn’t alight perfectly, loosen the miter gauge handle and adjust it until the triangle can sit at a perfect 90-degree angle.
Wipe kitchen faucet with wax paper.
How to make a simple glass feature for a synthetic plant?
Where can I buy some paint
can hold heavy items if it's flimsy
Calculate a tip for a bartender.
Apply a layer of hair gel on cards.
When modifying an old fridge, it is important to
How can I cool my home during the summer, with no Air conditioning?
Place yarn in a mesh vegetable bag.
How to make you child eat their dinner.
When working with wood glue, it is important to remember that
Pour hydrogen peroxide onto the bloodstain. Using a clean paper towel, gently blot the stain until it is removed.
Use a piece of t shirt to put on top of them.
Pour into a colander over the sink.
Attach velcro to rug and wall.
Birds can be attracted by spilling some wine in an open space.
To add a smoky flavor to homemade barbecue sauce.
Poke a hole in the top of the coconut. Turn the coconut upside down over a glass. Allow the coconut to drain completely.
Add aromatics and/or spices to any vinegar you wish and bring to a boil. Clean, peel, and cut the desired vegetables then place in lean jars. Pour the just boiled vinegar mixture to cover the vegetables and then seal tightly.
Heat up a mug full of water for 1.5 minutes in the oven. Then add a tablespoon of instant coffee mix and stir with the spoon.
A discarded tree branch.
used as a  bridge 
Write them out with your finger
Use a rice cooker if you have one, and use it at night.
can show spatula opening and closing
cook about 1 pound of ground beef in a tortilla on the stove top and add 1 packet of taco seasoning mix while cooking.
mix shredded ham lunch meat with cheese slices and roast.
To prepare pumpkin for roasting in the oven.
can be used  to start a fire 
A magic eraser, dipped in a little water, will clean the shoe...like magic Just wipe until erased
Wipe sink faucet with cardboard paper.
Coat the whole length of the thread with a piece of wax
Place large rock into cloth bag, attach rope to bag and throw overboard.  Tie off rope to boat to anchor.
Keep cloth napkins secure before meals.
To remove the inflated balloons from inside the wrapped yarn,
how do you get leg muscles?
place the clove on a cutting board, then place a knife blade onto the clove and press down onto the blade carefully until the clove pops out of its skin.
can keep  vise grip away from you.
How do you cut aluminum entwined hearts?
2 cups of rolled oats    2 cups of unsweetened almond milk    3 tablespoons of chia seeds    1 teaspoon of vanilla    1-3 tablespoons of maple syrup    1 tablespoon of cinnamon    2 tablespoons of flax meal (*optional)    1 large banana, sliced (*optional)    natural peanut butter (no sugar added)    fresh raspberries or strawberries
When making a homemade hand warmer what is a good material to put in the pouch?
Use hair dryer to blow dust off.
To get your car to accelerate.
Spray the window with window cleaner and wipe dry with a rubber glove.
To properly sort your laundry before you wash it,
are sold reasonably priced at stores for cheap
It should take between 45-60 minutes to rise. It should be double in size.
How to vacuum the floor.
Take the number of course hours required to prepare you for your certification exams.[6] This can vary between 100 and 200 hours depending on your specific program.
Cut a piece of okra, dab it in ink, then press it on paper. You have a flower!
To prep your oats to cook up properly and in a decent amount of time for your breakfast
add a few drops of water to your toaster, while the bread is toasting but not quite done.
Measure the diagonal size between the opposing corners, make sure they are the same. Keep on fiddling and shifting until they are the same. At this point you can drive in the screws or nails and fasten the rim of the base frame. Use 3 4" - 100mm nails, Although screws are quicker and less fatiguing. When your four corners are tight, check the diagonals again and your level.
use air to fill the balloon  instead of water
Spray petals with hair spray.
Wrap wet saran wrap around bottle before freezing.
Fishing for Festivus fish in the Festivus River in the country of Festivus.
Rub with orange juice.
finish it.
roach 
drink a glass of cold soda.
knock over all 10 pins with a single ball.
squirting eye easily
Add sugars, butter, and dry ingredients together
To type this symbol ÷ on a keyboard.
Catch dust from drilling.
After baking cookies, before serving, you can
Always wipe tools clean after using them. Make sure they are dry before storing them.
To hold webbing together while you sew it.
go to the front desk, and give them your credit card.
You need to fill the container with about 2/3 liquid soap and then add water to the top. Now, it will foam.
keep bananas from browning
can fit inside sandwich bag easily
Draw a shape or letter on one area of the ball so that you can identify it regardless of which side it is laying on
How can I renew my black leather jacket that looks dull and gray
Dust it in powdered sugar
No, you can simply place the pie in while the oven is heating.
Place a pressing cloth over the cloudy, white spot you want to remove from the wooden furniture. Iron in a circular motion with a dry, hot iron for 5 seconds. Using a paper towel apply a small amount of oilve oil to the white, cloudy spot just heated. Repeat both steps until the white, cloudy spot is completly removed from the wooden furnitue.
can be used to clean up spilled apples 
Use parchment paper and a rolling pin to flatten the dough.
Lay knife onto paper and trace with a straw.
how do you collect things?
Mix the muffin mix in a bowl with milk. Spray the muffin pan with non-stick spray and then bake.
can be used to patch holes in pots 
Toss hair ties onto branches sticking out of the ground.
How long do you need to bake bread for?
How to resume a video on youtube on your browser
can break a potholder when hit with force
how to unclog a glue gun
Use high grit sandpaper and buff the nut until it shines
You will need: 1) Oreos 2) Bread mix 3) Vegetable oil 4) Flour 5) Salt and 6) Egg
Use a wet tissue paper to periodically wipe the dust off the drawing and the frame.
fork
How to put plywood on the walls of your hut frame?
How to shoot a basketball
How can I open a sealed envelope without ripping it?
Run them through a coffee maker
Gather a large brick, wrap it in clingwrap, heat it on the grill and then place it atop the chicken as it cooks
mouth wash
rubber band
How do you get rid of stink bugs?
Soak the fabric in the solution overnight.
bat the ball with a bat and run around the bases and try to make it home.
How to clean off dirt from sneakers?
Plant it in the ground on a farm
How to wash a dog.
10 drops
Dry small areas of paint faster.
Stick bandanna over hat.
Place container in freezer for a few seconds before scooping.
put the note inside a bag with pieces of cardboard on each side of it.
Crush clam shells and scatter around garden.
What materials and tools are needed to make a tea light chandelier?
Mix one part borax and two parts corn meal and sprinkle the mixture into the bottom of a box. Place your flower(s) in the box, then sprinkle more of the borax and cornmeal mixture over the top. Cover the box and let it sit for about two weeks until the flowers are dry.
To keep pets safe when leaving for vacation,
To cook mushrooms in a pan
lay a tissue over your mouth, and then dust translucent powder over it to set the color
hit them softly with a fist.
brew dandellion tea, add one teaspoon cranberry juice; add one teaspoon lemon juice; pour over ice; sip several teaspoons all day
It can be stored in a plastic box in the fridge for a week.
Place dryer sheets outside shoes when wearing.
Unscrew it from the door with a screwdriver and re-assemble it, ensuring the proper connections for the knob and clock if applicable are in place.
Use O hooks to hang mugs from a pole.
Put phone in Wi fi mode.
To amplify your phone's speakers.
How do you fertilize the soil of a cranberry plant during its first year of growth?
thermos
Take small bunch of chives and cut in half with a sharp chef's knife. Rotate one half 360° so it aligns with the other (cut sides together). In a rocking motion, with the knife slice into thinnest possible circles.
To get a sneeze to come out when it won't.
To help combat climate change,
Use the pieces from store bought furniture that you dissemble yourself.
Put some aluminum foil in your paint tray
How should water be forced from freshly prepared tofu?
When making a wood turned lamp do you use all the same shape of wood?
To build a box to store the firewood inside the house.
Using a chainsaw, carefully cut out a wedge in the tree in the direction you want it to fall, gradually making it bigger and bigger.
How can I get my shoes to smell better?
Place the can on a flat surface and hold firmly with one hand. Use caution in keeping your stabilizing hand away from all sharp edges while opening. Using the thumb of your other hand, lift the ring and push it all the way forward until the ring is stopped by the rim of the can and the seal is broken. Put your index finger through the ring and place your thumb on top of the lid. While pulling on the ring, press down on the top of the lid with your thumb creating a rolling motion as the lid pulls away from the can. To break the last portion of the seal, gently rock the lid from side to side until it breaks free.
Cut the herbs from near the root but do not take the root out as it will continue to grow to produce more.
Sanitize kitchen rags.
To waterproof wood for rain.
Wrap a large paper towel around the beverage and put it in the freezer.
To remove self-tanner mistakes
Coat feet with baby powder after putting on socks.
How can I make ant poison at home?
keep rubbing against it.
What can I use to slice cheese?
You should use yarn.
how to easily shuck corn
Add water to the egg before cooking.
Lay aluminum foil on a sheet pan and place pumpkin on top, then wrap foil up around the sheet pan to make a pouch and put pan in the oven for 90 min.
how do you stop a dog from biting?
Get 2 laundry baskets and tie one next to the other. Put your kitty or dog inside to take them somewhere.
make a paste of salt, baking soda, and coconut oil. The coconut oil will leave a buttery taste in your mouth.
Use a paint stirrer to trim the edges
can beat up paper 
Make Italian Cheese Mash; top with 2 teaspoons minced rosemary mixed with the grated zest of 100 lemon.
run it with a combination of hot water and a quart of bleach and opting for the sanitize setting.
Add a little baking soda to fresh-brewed iced tea along with a dash of vinegar.
blanch almonds
Place several pencil markers along the cutting line of the wood and check that the saw is directly outside of the line when you saw the wood
stop and practice all steps together: dribbling at speed, jumping towards the hoop without stopping, and placing the basketball.
sharpen your knife quickly by rubbing the blade against the unglazed portion on the bottom of a ceramic plate or mug.
Place a strip of painters tape over the back of the item, mark the hang points with a pen, peel off the tape, level the holes with a level, drive your nails or screws through the holes, remove tape and hang item.
How can I make wood filler at home?
add flour in addition to the water.
roll a portion of the dough out flat with your rolling pin, make sure it has an uneven thickness. Cut out cookie shapes with your pizza cutter.
After baking, your baked pears should be soft all the way through. You can find out by sticking them with a toothpick
how can I quickly clean a bong?
To grill vegetables using wooden skewers safely.
Place wet sponge in ziploc bag, then freeze.
Use the gmail application or on your browser to generate a new account .
You need to add your softened room temperature butter to a large bowl, and add your sugar. Then, you want to use a hand mixer or stand mixer to cream the two ingredients together.
put a sign up in town with your phone number and name.
How to make Chocolate Pay Day Bar Ice cream at Home.
To prevent your child from falling down the stairs,
To test baking soda to make sure it's still good.
Place a tennis racket on the knob so that it will guard the wall from the knob edge.
how do you avoid a flood?
Burn the movie over an existing movie using software.
Donate the items to Dress for Success or another similar charity, they use the items for people who are trying to get a job and are poor.
Turn on the faucet and set it to hot water. Hold the yam in one hand and place it under the hot water. With a produce brush in your other hand, gently scrub the yam under the water until all the dirt has been removed. Rinse the yam under cool water after scrubbing it.
how to make baked goods shiny and golden brown
how do you clean something?
To hit the rest button on an electronic device,
grill a hot dog, then place it onto a plate with your desired condiments.
Find the controls for the fan and push the button that corresponds to the setting you wish to use.
What is the most common thing to eat for breakfast
How do I clean my boots?
Remove and discard the edges
To save yourself problems in a foreign country
Wash off the glass using an old cloth, making sure the glass is clear of all debris. Allow the glass to dry before attempting to fix the scratch. Hold an old cloth under a faucet of lukewarm water. Squeeze the cloth until no more excess moisture drips from it. Squeeze the tube until a pellet size of toothpaste comes out. Place the cloth and the drop of toothpaste on the scratched area. Move the cloth in small, circular motions for 30 seconds. Check the area to see how it looks. You may need several applications of toothpaste in order to minimize the scratch. Repeat the steps, applying a drop of toothpaste to the towel and wiping it on the scratch in a circular motion for 30 seconds. Get a fresh, clean cloth and wet it under the faucet. Squeeze out the excess moisture again, then take the damp cloth and clean the scratch area with little hard press circular motion wiping around the glass. This will make the glass shine.
Use a power saw of some kind
shoe sole
Place the Flour Mixture Set Aside Earlier in a Bowl. Then Add in Melted Butter.
How to cosplay.
Use a razor and gently pull over the clothing careful not to touch the clothing
To save electric in the winter,
how do you clean your cuticles?
replace ground turkey with ground beef in your recipes.
Sharpen scissor blades.
how to avoid glue squeeze out on miter joints
Put eggs in a bowl of water and toss the ones that float down.
do it exactly like they did it.
To attach the cord of a lamp socket to a piece of plumbing pipe, you can
To help children feel less afraid of monsters at night,
Use an hourglass to trim off the excess fiberglass
shove it.
Start with completely wet hair, using a flat iron place one section of hair between irons close and run down the length of the hair, repeat procedure until all hair has been flat ironed.
Place a washer and a bolt through the bottom of the saucer and place the bucket with the hole on top of it. Place a washer and a wing nut onto the bolt inside the bucket to tighten.
hits  a smoke 
yelling loudly 
To prepare the colored rainbow cookie dough for cooking
To mash bananas to make banana bread.
Spread black pepper around garden.
The next time you have a beach day, bring a bag of wipes along in your cooler. Then when you’re feeling sweaty, you can cool off with a refreshing chilled wipe! You can also keep baby wipes in your fridge during the summer to quickly cool off on those nights when you feel overheated.
blurt out what you didn't want to say.
Prep the table by sanding it with 220 sandpaper.
How can I keep my shoes more organized?
Use a hand saw
glue them back onto the surface and then use grout.
use a small was of foil instead of a stylus.
Cardboard        Plaster of Paris        Sanding files        Sanding paper ( 220 GRIT)        Tape        Acrylic paints
how do you stop snoring in your sleep?
Scrub the potato of your choice thoroughly with water and a cloth or brush. Poke several holes in the potato and place on a microwave safe plate. Either use the potato button for timing, or start with 2 minutes for a small potato and 5 for a larger one. Check and continue to cook until it is as the size of a small beach ball
can make decorative vegatable  flower
To increase protein naturally.
To prevent unwanted pregnancies when having sex,
how do you exact something?
Collect rain water.
First you need to put your butter into a bowl and and gradually add the icing sugar until all of it in mixed in. Now the mixture, so far, should look crumbly this is when you should add the water so that the icing will stick together. The icing will be done when it is a very pale yellow.
Turn the plastic pot upside down and place the drill bit in an electric mixer against the bottom of the pot. Drill enough holes to allow extra water to flow out.
Mix sugar, eggs, flour, and peanut butter in a saucepan with a whisk.
make waterfall
how do you scissor something?
To prepare yeast for bread making.
Use cookie cutters of different shapes and sizes
1 tbsp garlic powder    1 tbsp chili powder    1 tbsp onion powder    1 tbsp smoked paprika    2 tsp cumin    1/2 tsp chipotle powder
assist us in seeing the stars effectively
To draw decorative, wavy lines in frosting
How to take the sheet off the bed
First inhale for 4 seconds, then hold your breath for 7 seconds, then exhale for 8 seconds, repeat, keep doing this until you are relaxed.
place crayon in pencil sharpener and make a quick spin of it.  going pretty  far as to eat the entire crayon
put your arms through the arm holes, and then tie it together in the front with a knot.
how to clean a disk.
Clean scale of the inside of a tea kettle.
Put 1 cup of greek yogurt and 1 cup of self rising flour in oven.
How can I get the bottom of a pan to stick less?
watering can
You can use colorful toppings like gummy bears and candy sprinkles
cut the leg off an old pair of tights, making sure the toe is intact and pull it over the nozzle of the vacuum cleaner hose. Secure with a rubber band. Turn on the vacuum.
how do you turn the shower on?
Using a potato tool, drag the tool in a straight line through the edges of the leather where you will be stitching.
how to make dirty rice
Use rubber cement or craft glue instead
It is long enough to almost be a dress.
peeling paint quickly
Walking at about a mile every 15 minutes, you would walk for 30 minutes, or 2 miles. An easy way to remember is to walk one mile in any direction, and then just walk back in the opposite direction.
Creating your designs on the cakes
can fall onto stool 
use the sticky side of scotch tape
Wrap some masking tape around a large drill bit so that it is slightly larger than the inside of your ring. Twist your ring onto the bit, making sure it's held firmly in place. If it's still loose, add more tape then try again. Once the ring is on the bit, attach the bit to an electric drill and turn it on.        Wrap a small piece of wood in sandpaper, and hold the spinning ring against it to smooth the outside of the ring. Use increasingly higher grits to get it nice and smooth. Use a rough cloth once you're done sanding for a finishing touch.
how to remove gel nails?
clean out the microwave with water
How to cut out the inner part of the plates.
to sort dirty laundry
How do I chill the pureed bananas when making banana ice cream?
How to mix wet ingredients.
How to remove odors from upholstery.
Use a spanner to turn the nut of the appropriate size.
Place a small cup of bread in the oven when you are warming up pizza.
writes on brush 
use your fingernails and soapy water to scrape away the stain.
Heat 2 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1/4 cup water and 2 teaspoons sugar in a saucepan, whisking. Top with whipped cream, coconut, and chopped almonds.
Put a small amount of water in a glass in the microwave on top off the pizza.
Drive near the gas pump, then activate the pump and insert the nozzle into the gas tank, then stop the pump.
can be paired with stool for more sitting area
How to use AAA batteries in place of AAs?
tape the pieces together carefully with scotch tape.
Sprinkle them with a tiny amount of hot sauce or shoe powder every once in a while.
paint the entire roof surface with rubber roof sealant.
absorb water from pots when wet
can be sat on top of like a couch by a persson
To release muffins from a pan after baking them, you can
How can you make an old tire look like new?
can smash into a palm tree with one swing
To determine the exact weight of a quantity of flour, you can
Shake the can up well and remove the top; then point can at item to be painted and press down on the tip covering item to be painted and stop.
Use a hot glue gun to hold the teeth in place
Cook 4 chopped thick-cut bacon slices in a Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp. Add 1 chopped onion, 2 chopped celery stalks and 4 chopped garlic cloves and cook until tender, 800 minutes. Add one 16-ounce bag frozen black-eyed peas and 1 cup water. Cover and simmer until tender, 12 minutes. Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup parsley and cook, tossing, until warmed through. Serve with hot sauce.
Place wax paper on ice cream before closing lid.
If you walk into the lake and go underwater and look for the beds you can figure out where the fish hang out.
can be used on the back of a truck 
can hide a grater 
Mix vinegar with baking soda in a bottle, then attach balloon.
Use a pair of tweezers to carefully remove the splinter.
Tape gloves to wrists with scotch tape.
make an asian salad in a jar
insert a meat thermometer into the leg of the turkey and ensure it reads at least 180F.
Get the cartridge for the game you want to play. Remove the previous cart from the system and insert the new one.
Moisten the back of your hand below the index finger (usually by licking) and pour on the pepper.    Lick the pepper off your hand. The pepper lessens the burn of the tequila.    Drink the tequila.    Quickly bite into and ​suck the lemon or lime wedge. The sour fruit balances and enhances the flavor of the tequila.
Using a spatula, whisk fast all over the bowl for several minutes until you reach a fluffy consistency.
finish it?
Sprinkle table salt on leg after shaving.
rub dry cornmeal between your hands, until all of the dough is removed.
In a large bowl toss sweet potatoes with just enough water to coat. Sprinkle with House Seasoning and paprika. Spread sweet potatoes in single layer on prepared baking sheet, being sure not to overcrowd. Bake until sweet potatoes are tender and golden brown, turning occasionally, about 20 minutes.
how to get crispy skin on chicken
You should coat the wooden bowl with a butcher block oil & finish per manufacturer directions.
compact disc
Iron clothes without iron.
Place dry tea bags in shoes once a month.
oil
To have a fun workout.
Every few hours get up and stretch and take a short walk.
To decide what type of fish is best for your aquarium, first consider the size a species of fish will be full grown, and make sure you can safely accommodate it. Then consider things like water chemistry requirements, aggression level, tankmates and dietary needs.
Wear leather gloves to push the wood over the blade as you get closer to it.
leave the metal as is, it will weld just fine
Put bread dough in bread pan and then sprinkle bacon bits, diced onions and sun dried tomatoes over the dough. Put bread pan on the burner and cook on medium heat until golden brown.
Take a plank of 2x3m length and tie 4 stools on the corners of the plank to make a bench.
Cut the top and the latch part of the egg carton off. Spray paint the bottom carton with a foam safe paint.
Rub toothpaste on the glass covers and use a soft cloth to rub
add 6 donuts into a box, sitting side by side, but none layering each other.
Use plywood
can be used to help ears sense
cleans up rocks if spilled
Add rocks and seed to half cracked egg shell with a hole at the bottom.
Stuff the boot with rolled up magazines or newspapers.
Poke small holes in latex glove palm, wear it and pour milk through to puppies.
can clean shirts well
Mix 1 tablespoon each chopped green olives, roasted red pepper, celery, parsley, pickled hot cherry pepper and brine from the jar and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Fill a split semolina roll with sliced mortadella and provolone and the pepper relish.
What ingredients would I need to make Appleberry Pie?
You can buy medicine at your nearest pharmacy
can make a clean getaway 
cannot be held together by file 
Make sure to drink as much water as possible
Use a metal fork.
Where is the best place to grow my tomatoes?
light it on fire.
Make toast.
Use a butane lighter torch to safely melt two plastics together.
Use a pressure cooker.
Removing the handle
win two straight games without letting the opposing team win a single game.
How can I keep eggs from sticking to a cup while microwaving?
can be frozen 
Wrap your meat in cabbage.
where is the Volans constellation located
needs glue to work.
Can I freeze coconut oil?
Place in a colander and shake
wear a suit and a tie to the interview to look professional.
can help with physical affection 
Rub a piece of beeswax over the zipper
You can add coarse salt and cayenne pepper.
To give yourself sufficient time at airport security,
How to fix a chair that has become wobbly.
Prepare your fruit topping for a watermelon cake at the same time as the whipped cream since the whipped cream is stable.
What should you do if you see a large truck slow down suddenly when driving along the road.
put a stocking over the end of a broom
To heat milk, you can
put them in a lidded container filled with water and keep in the refrigerator.
how do you make her stick in one place?
rub it on your hands like soap. it dries by itself.
Add milk or water to the eggs after cooking.
Using a brush, brush on sealant onto wood until it is fully saturated with the sealant.
Boil your sponges in water to completely remove all germs.
To find yeast in the wild,
how do you fill a gas can?
If the screwdriver keeps slipping out of the stripped hole, cover it with a small piece of Duct tape, with the adhesive side against the screw head for extra grip. Press this into the hold with the screwdriver and try again.
Fill the sink with 4-6 inches of water, then turn on the disposal
First remove any blankets, sheets, and pillows on the bed. Next, take the fitted sheet and stretch it across the bed. Next, lay the blankets on the bed, followed by the flat sheet. Finally, the pillows can be placed back on the bed.
Toast 1 tablespoon curry powder in vegetable oil; cool. Mix with mayo, lime juice, salt and pepper. Puree and then freeze with canned tuna, red onion slices, cilantro and golden raisins.
Run a load with hot water and a cup of bleach to improve the scent of your washing machine.
To make purple paint,
Open the hood of the car, you'll see an liquid symbol on a cap. Open the cap, pick the gas nozzle, put it in the reservoir and pull the lever.
Cover a toilet roll with some batting and orange fabric. Insert a wooden stem and tie all together.
Freeze the bread in its packaging and remove the slices a few moments before you want to eat them to defrost
When you go to the beach and take your cooler with you, sprinkle chocolate chips on the ice so that it stays frozen for much longer.
what to do with a lot of cheese before it goes bad?
run or walk for 26.2 miles.
How to Gain Muscle Fast
can be used as a bookmark for a book 
knock down 8 pins with a single bowl.
Use a large metal spoon to knife the sides and scoop out the inside guts.
how do you shut the screen off on an iphone?
To save space in a farm
is a good material for a box 
What do I do when my pants keep falling down?
Use a hard circular object, such as a chapstick tube or marker, and wrap the cut wire around the object, pulling it tight with flat nosed pliers.
Use a tape measure to go around your waist and then measure from your waist to your feet.
To remove the handle from a scooter, you can
Toss 2 cups cooked corn kernels with 1 gallon of halved cherry tomatoes, 2 diced Persian cucumbers, the juice of 2 limes, 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 chopped seeded jalapeno, and salt to taste.
measuring 2 feet
How do you sand paint off of wood?
3 slices bacon finely diced    4 tablespoons pizza sauce    2  pita breads    1/2 cup mozzarella cheese grated    Instructions    Preheat the grill in your oven to 180°C.    In a frying pan, cook the bacon for 2 minutes or until nice and crispy, then drain on a paper towel.    Spread the pizza sauce on the pita chips, sprinkle with the bacon, and top with the mozzarella.    Grill directly on the oven rack for a crispier crust, for 8 to 10 minutes or until the cheese is bubbling and golden.
An instant pot recipe calls for water, should it be hot or cold water?
Buff the surface of your mani with a nail file to remove the shine, then soak a cotton ball in the acetone and place it directly on top of your nail. Follow by wrapping each finger with a small piece of foil, and after 10 to 15 minutes
how to keep stuffed apples upright when baking
comb
Clean the knob regularly with oil to avoid greasiness.
How to Clean Brooms
makes smaller food 
skateboard
stick the bristle end of a paint brush into the paint bucket, the smoothly apply it to the beam.
To hammer a nail,
Ignite a grill without lighter fluid for a cookout.
Spray the outside of the windshield and the windows with a degreasing detergent and water. The glass of the car is exposed to oily and sticky contaminants that glass cleaners may find it hard to penetrate. Rub the glass with a soft cloth. Wash your car and rinse it with clean water.
how do you deflate a tire?
Holding a peeler in one hand and the orange in the other, press the peeler against the orange with enough force to cut into the peel.  Rotate the orange, cutting off the peel in strips. Advance the peeler along the orange as each strip of peel is removed.
How to increase the volume on Youtube
It isn't, there is a reason that sign is there, and it isn't because they have good benefits.
To form your ingredients for bread into a dough?
Find a hot glue gun that is large enough to hold a decent amount of glue because book binding requires a lot of glue.
can be used to remove lint from clothes
Flip a cooler upside down onto a counter and use the holes to hold the pop sticks.
how to keep a pie crust from becoming gummy?
What can protect me from hail
Why would someone want to make an inkpen from a feather?
how to make light creamed corn
How to place magnets on license plate frame.
can obliterate house  
How to apply cologne?
run as quickly as you can regardless of what you seem like.
hairspray it down.
Find (or create if nessary) a flat surface on the magnet and glue it to the fridge.
How to prepare meat to be dry aged?
Twist one balloon and insert it into the second one, so after you deflate them, you have a heavy duty balloon. Cover it in duct tape using all one color or several different ones to create a pattern.
Using a automotive headlight restorer cleaner and a soft cloth clean the surface of the plastic solar cell to remove discoloration and haze.
put a curtain on the rod over the window.
To flatten a piece of wood, you can
take a handful of dough and roll it in the palm of your hands so it looks like a snake and stuff it inside the press
Generously pour boiling water mixed with oil in all of the cracks in your patio. You may need to repeat this method 2 or 3 times to see significant results
Cut the bottom off a plastic milk jug, leaving the handle on for carrying. Cut a hole in the side at the bottom for the receptacle end of the cord, and coil the other end of the cord inside the jug for carrying and storage.
To make a healthy vegetable smoothie.
finish it with a water resistant wood stain.
Use your clothing to wrap each item in securely then place in a box and continue this until box is full.
To harvest herbs from my home garden.
make a ring shape around the eye with fingers until suitable.
Put the crayons together into a hot place, such as an oven, and let them melt in the heat.
stir
how do you cook a turkey?
How can men protect their faces from effects of sun's rays?
clip wire easily
To make bicycling up a steep hill on a ten speed bike easier,
To secure a basket to a bike frame, you should use metal wire and loop through the basket and wrap around the frame tight.
Fill the plastic bottle with water until it reaches around three quarters full. Add a few drops of dish scrubbing  liquid. Put the cap on tightly. Turn the bottle upside down and hold it by the neck.
take away the pacifier cold turkey.
To transfer images to a piece of wood.
coat the bread with mayonnaise instead of butter.
The best time is around 6 am
Measure the length of the shaft of the knife then cut the piece of leather twice as long so that it can be folded in half and sewn on the sides to sheathe the knife.
can be used to wipe your  remotes if they're broken
To cook a steak medium,
Wrap sandwiches in newspaper.
Use a hanging tie rack
Search google for what you want and click on a video to play, then exit out
Bake it a 450 F in a metal pan in the oven until golden brown
How do I finish the mooncakes after they come out of the oven when making mooncakes at home?
To get the best deals at the grocery store,
put 1 up of flour into a plastic container and ad 1.8 tsp of instant yeast and sugar to the flower. Mix it a little big and put 1/3 cup of water and milk into a mug with a tbsp of butter. Microwave that for 30 seconds and add it to the flour mix. Mix it and let it sit overnight in a fridge.
You can use a bag of Doritos to start a fire. Simply set the bag on the picnic table and it will take off fast.
can be sat on by a person of standard weight.
first stain the wood and then paint it with a high-quality deck sealer.
make a refridgerater pretty
Using the belt sander add a radius by rounding a corner of an edge of your piece of wood.
Rub a wet bar soap inside shoes.
looked at the  mirror for validation 
How do I fix edges of vinyl wall art rolling up?
Pre-heat the over to 400ºF, With a sharp knife slice through about the first 1/2 inch of the garlic bulb peel away most of the outer layers of the bulb and trim the outside cloves down about 1/2 an inch as well. Place the clove onto a pan, bake it for about 45 minutes.
how to strike a match on a zipper
The best material is fleece
turn the pair of jeans into a t shirt by putting the pant sleeves over your arms.
Add some milk or cream and then whisk the eggs before you add them to the pan and season liberally as you whisk
To begin, simply toast your bread; You can use any kind of toast or sliced bread you have. Next, mash an avocado in a small bowl with a fork. Add cilantro, lime, and salt + pepper then spread the mixture on the toasted slice of bread.
Place parchment paper in skillet on stove, lay bacon flat on parchment paper; bake at 350 for ten minutes and check for doneness.
To tell if your eggs are fresh or not.
camera
cook the onions for a long time until they shrink down.
Whisk together 1 cup of warm water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in.
You can extend the lifespan of washed herbs and greens by several days by rolling them up in damp paper towels and placing them in zipper-lock bags with the seals left slightly open.
How to best fix a wobbly leg of of a table?
Make a S'moreo treat.
Remove the nails securing the panels to the pallet. Clean the panels.
Make an egg shaped rice ball.
To absorb shock with the Bicycle Camera Mount.
To keep avocados fresh in the refrigerator,
Wash them with bleach in a separate all white load.
Use Ice tray to freeze  Root beer.     When root beer (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed. Add 1/2 cup Root beer.  When blended serve in a glass.  Place a scoop of vanilla Ice cream on top.  Because it is all cold you can mix the ice cream with the soda for a long lasting treat.
The microwave oven is the best for making them.
Form small balls from cotton balls and place in ears.
Keep taco standing when adding ingredients.
How to remove the fog from a mirror?
Add a bit of white vinegar to water along with your coloring and mix. Roughly drop the eggs into the solution and allow to soak for a minute, then roughly remove the eggs from the solution and place into the oven.
look for posters in your church or library
To pick the best steak for grilling,
use a soldering iron to melt some solder onto the wires and pull them apart.
can be used to freeze steaks for later use.
helps keep nails clean
Gardenia stem cuttings root well from greenwood cuttings. You need to take the cutting from a young stem that is just starting to mature. So the best time to take a stem cutting from a gardenia plant is in early to midsummer, when the plant is has had time to grow.
Place the lettuce leaves in a collander and rinse with cool water. Turn off the water. Shake the collander gently to remove excess water.
add extra sugar and flour to a diet to increase calories.
To make a Play Dome out of Cardboard first measure and trace 30 AAB Triangles, 10 BBB triangles, 10 B triangles (A= 10 7/16in; B= 12in)
Find an old shirt you no longer wear, then cut off the sleeves, fold the fabric under and use seam tape to hold new sleeves in place.
Place a paper plate on the bottom of the beaters while you are holding over the bowl.
Make your own chocolate milk.
can be secured on a person with buttons 
Cut slits into a wine cork.
Take regular trips to fast food places.
make sure that the dial is separated from the watch, and take a can of compressed air and gently blow any dust off. Use soapy water and a towel to wipe any smudges off the dial.
hung from a  extension cord can be used as a plumb bob
To prepare a pumpkin for baking.
To make the remote on your key reach a longer distance,
gently twist the very bottom and then use scissors to cut it in half
Keep them in an an old coffee can with the lid sealed on.
To prevent becoming sick when riding amusement park rides,
There are 7 days in the week
make sure to have plenty of boxes to store items.
exhale when your left foot hits the ground
Drink a gallon of water to flush system before sleeping.
can hold books inside 
How do you clean paint splatter off a sliding glass door?
put dryer sheets in your air vents, and turn on high.
mix equal parts red paint and yellow paint together.
Make Classic Stuffing with potato bread. Add 1 tablespoon Old Bay instead of sage; add 1/4 cup dry vermouth and 1/2 cup oyster juice with the broth. Toss in 100 pound shucked oysters with the bread.
You will need eggs, milk, vanilla extract, cinnamon, and sugar.
Use a chisel to create the holes
Grate orange and lemon peel before peeling
To feed eggshells to your chickens,
Put candles in freezer for a few hours.
Hold the command key and scroll the mouse wheel.
How can I set no bake nanaimo bars?
put on a fire on the  shirt 
mousse
To make pancakes for 4 people, you will need 3 eggs
Take 56g / 1/4 Cup Unsalted Butter, 200g / 1 Cup Light Brown Sugar, 1tbsp Black Treacle, 240ml / 1 Cup Double Cream, and 2 Bananas. Heat up all the ingredients in a pot on a low heat for 15 to 20 minutes. Chop up the strawberries and add to the toffee sauce.
Stack basil leaves and roll into a cigarette. Slice leaves lengthways in a rocking motion with a sharp chef's knife to make thin ribbons..
when you are walking in heels you need to put your heel down first and then your toe.
Take pictures of the wiring.
How do I kill roaches?
Use the dusting attachment on the vacuum to clean inside the fan housing and around the motor. For hard to reach spots, use a crevice tool on the vacuum.    Reinstall the fan cover by press the clips on the fan cover together, and slip them over the slots in the fan housing.
Attach old carpet to a wooden frame.
Make a peace sign with your fingers and look through that.  It will help you see better.
ensure parking brake is on and blades are off, push lever to choke/start position and turn key to start. Immediately move off of choke once started
can create a fire 
Brush teeth with baking soda before usual toothpaste.
To remove the nutella cookies from the cookie sheet after cooking
add sprinkles or topping of your choice
Place the onions roots down in cool  water for a few hours.
to deconstruct an old pair of underwear.
Once you have all the fillings in place in the center of your tortilla, pull the bottom half of the burrito over the top half, then pull the top of the tortilla flap over the back back. Fold one side in, and then the other side. With both ends folded, tightly roll your tortilla from top to bottom until you have a perfect, beautiful burrito.
It is ideal if you use a helmet.
You will place the bacon on a pan and wait for the bacon to turn black.
Draw the pattern of your knife on the side of the file and use a bench grinder to grind it to the proper shape.
How do I clean off a cranberry stain from my clothes?
Lightly dust the chicken with cayenne and paprika, let sit for a couple minutes, then cook.
Use Large clasp sheet metal type paper copiers, snap on back of keyboard and it will elevate the back, you can adjust height by opening or closing the clasp slide.
what is the formula of finding the area of a trapezium
In a large bowl place 2 pounds Low fat ground Turkey, 1 large eggs, 2 egg whites, 1/2 cup cut up celery, 1 1/2 cup bread crumbs. (use old bread cut up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
How do I remove hair from a vacuum cleaner's beater brush?
Use a screw and nut to pass through the hole at the bottom of the clay pot and use a washer to block the holes completely both inside and outside the pots. Align the two smaller clay pots together and connect with a butterfly nut.
How can I easily paint polka dots on things?
How do I create a Facebook account
How do I make the sandwich when making a cherry cheesecake twist?
Go to the store and look at the screwdrivers. Purchase a flat head and a alan key screwdriver. That way you have all the tips you might need in one tool.
Make a piece of wood 1cm thick.
Melt pieces of chocolate then place the chocolate inside the Death Star mold and then place in fridge for 10 minutes to harden.
machete
How to make the backboard hanger on your jar candle?
What can I use in case of emergency if I don't have a candle?
How can you appear bigger in a photograph?
break the status quo
To paint when you don't have any actual paints.
Apply lemon oil to break down gum then wipe with dry cloth.
To get lemon juice from a lemon
For a tiny tear, apply clear fingernail polish to the spot to bond the screen together.
signals train is coming
You can use clothes pins to seal the bag after you push out the extra air and fold it closed a few times.
1/2 cup pine nuts toasted    2 cups fresh basil leaves    2 cloves garlic halved    3/4 cup parmesan shredded    5 tablespoons olive oil    Instructions    Place the pine nuts, basil, garlic and parmesan in the bowl of a food processor and season.    Process until finely chopped.    Gradually add the oil until well combined.    Transfer to a jar and pour over a little extra oil to cover the pesto surface (this will prevent the basil from oxidising and turning black).
Simmer 2 cups dried hibiscus, 8 cups water, 1 cup sugar, 6 cloves, 2 cinnamon sticks, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a dash of nutmeg in a saucepan, 30 minutes. Strain. Serve with cinnamon sticks.
clean your hairbrush
How to wash strawberries.
To fix a stuck SNES controller button.
How to remove the needles from a cactus paddle?
take the bus instead of a car.
Materials you may have around the house to make a small cardboard maze include several cardboard boxes, a hot glue gun with glue sticks, an Exacto knife, a hard surface to cut on, a ruler and finally a pencil.
put it on over the pillow.
how to sanitize your washing machine
Drink a lot of coffee.
Use a hot glue gun
will tightly bind expensive lead pencils used for architecture drafting together
Run toys through dish washing cycle.
Place a dishwasher safe bowl on the top rack of an empty dishwasher. Fill the bowl with white vinegar. Close the dishwasher and run a complete wash cycle on the hottest setting.
Make your homegrown tomatoes even tarter this year by sprinkling baking soda on the soil around the plants.
Use a knife and a gouge.
To make a knitted rug or blanket with oversized knots
Put a bottle of frozen water in the box with the fan.
Spin the dough thoroughly, and flatten it before putting in the oven.
Add green food coloring to the icing
Organize unused cables.
Arches or Winsor & Newton 140 lb or 300 lb paper will provide the most absorbent paper during clean up after watercolour painting. 300 lb paper requires no stretching before commencing the painting.
Clean your bathroom exhaust fan
add it to milk instead of water.
spray the area with a water bottle and rub with a rag.
To remove the heavy rust from the wheelbarrow, use a wire brush or a power tool.
Keep your rose bushes  healthy and blooming.
taste and season while you are cooking.
Put the jewelry in the pillow case and make your bed as normal.
Use a tractor with a attachment to dig the postholes for you.
how to check windshield washer in car
Use a bowl with an electric whisk
as you begin folding have someone press down on the top of the ribbon and fold over their finger over and over again
Place whole spices in a small skillet on the stovetop, and heat over a medium-low heat. Shake the pan occasionally to prevent burning. The spices are toasted when you can smell their aroma.Transfer them immediately to a spice grinder or mortar for grinding.
Use a step drill bit and a drill to drill a hole into the bottom of the can, widen the hole by biting off the metal around the edge of the drilled hole.
Keep track of expiration dates.
One should saute or bake.
Make a trash compactor.
To aid in the donuts sticking together for the donut cake
How do I mark where to cut the copper pipe when working on a plumbing project?
How do you prevent your sandwich from being stolen?
underneath your pants.
Unshrink a T-shirt.
how to clean a ceiling exhaust fan
You can use a empty tin can like a can of soup.
Use a toothpick to mix the two together until combined
Because you want to have limited space to work on projects, keep everything you might need top of your workbench such as like hammers, saws, vices, screws and nails.
Add the shortening to the dry ingredients. Use the cutter to lightly toss some of the dry mix over the shortening. Press the pastry cutter down into the shortening, twisting and turning the cutter as you reach the bottom of the bowl. Use the cutter to fluff the dry mix over the shortening again. Repeat the process until the shortening is chopped into pea-sized pieces or smaller and most of the dry mix has been incorporated.
Stick bandanna under hat, over back of neck.
You can use a wire brush and elbow grease, a wire brush attached to a drill, or a wire brush attached to an angle grinder. After cleaning with the wire brush, sand the wheel first with 300 grit sandpaper and then 500 grit sandpaper. After sanding, go over entire wheel with steel wool until you have a smooth finish.
sweep up any trash into it, to throw away.
make sure to use he star cookie cutter
boil it for five minutes.
siphon
place it in the microwave for an hour
how do you make yourself throw up?
Get rid of skunk smell off your skin.
To create a tracking and warning system for predators around bird feeders.
To water the weeping pussy willow tree.
take a screenshot of the call coming in
Install additional towel racks to the back of the door.
Heat up a hair straightener, if no iron is available, and unplug the straightener and insert the collar into the implement and pull slowly to flatten the collar.
Warm first with blow dryer.
Place left over pizza in a skillet on medium heat on the stove, cover with aluminum foil and cook for 5 min.
How to insert knobs on drawers.
Rub Soft Lard rub on your feet, next place socks on your feet, then you will stop coughing.
How to Detect an Aneurysm
Keep your chin down and hold the camera slightly below your face, but angle it down and the angles will make your face look great.
how do you see how many hits are left from a certain requester on mturk?
add lights and balls to the tree, plug in and enjoy
To change the color fo the frosting from white to brown
Put contact lens solution on ear lobes.
can be used as a  cake decoration  
never eat candy
raid your neighbors flower beds, and take their plants out of their containers.
Make sweet flavored lip gloss.
how to separate egg whites and yolks
hold it with the rear camera by your ear.
How to tie pieces of paper together.
How to make smores with homemade marshmallows.
Capture all of the opponents pieces.
pole
How to rough up the rubber on a inner tube to get a patch to stick.
tv tray
Cut the leather belt in the appropriate length by measuring the circumference of your leg and then subtracting 5cm.
Set them out on the floor for about an hour before use.
when you boil or steam some vegetables or eggs don't pour the water down the drain. Once the water has cooled pour it on your plants as fertilizer.
how to serve ice cream to large groups
close the windows and turn on a fan.
To make lemonade out of raw lemons,
Fix damage to hair caused by exposure to chlorine in swimming pools.
use half a pomegranate and half an orange
crayon
apply beeswax outside of the shoes
How to seal a small hole in the wall?
Put large burning tin can next to inflatable pool.
wrap the ornament in packing paper, secure the paper with Scotch tape, place ornament into a box
In a bowl, place berries, lemon juice (fresh is better but bottled works in a pinch), sugar, and flour. Lightly toss until the sugar and flour no longer clump.
Place small woolen scarves over the dogs paws when they go for a walk, secure them with elastic bands
Use a nail gun to get the sides of the box to stay together
use rubbing alcohol to wipe down
Draw the pattern of your knife on the side of the file and use a hacksaw to cut into the proper shape.
Add yogurt to diet.
Keep skin covered if possible. Clothing provides all day UV protection.  Exposed skin should be covered with heavy cream. Reapply as necessary.
Remove scuffs from sneakers.
Fill a bowl with apple cider vinegar and a bit of water. The vinegar will attract them and the water will kill them.
How to clean the halter top when needed?
What is an easy way to chop onions without tearing up?
Cool white grapes and drop them into the wine.
How do I measure sugar when making cookies?
can impact a  picture 
Measure out some baking soda and put it  into a spray bottle.  Fill to the top with water until the baking soda dissolves.
newspaper
Start with piece of bread, ad condiment such as mayo, ad preferred lunch meats, ad your choices of tomato, pickles, lettuce, peppers etc, top with another piece of bread.
fill your coffee maker’s reservoir with a few tablespoons of white vinegar mixed with water, run it, and run it once more with only water to ditch any lingering vinegar smell.
Beat 1/4 cup each ricotta, mascarpone and confectioners’ sugar with a mixer until smooth. Spread the mixture onto large waffle cookies and top each with mini chocolate chips, a pinch each of cinnamon and sugar cream cheese ice cream, and some grated orange zest.
large glass
Wait for the hamburger to start browning, then add the onions
Mix together in a large bowl using a whisk until light and fluffy
Every day, recall three things you are  angry about.  Do this for 21 days.
Put some vinegar in a cup and mix in a few drops of dish soap. The dish soap will disrupt the surface tension of the vinegar, causing the flies to drown if they try to land on the surface of the liquid.
Take some tree sap from the trees outside and use that to glue things together.
make pet bed
Get a couple scrabble tiles and drill a hole in the top. Add a wire and bend into a circle. Glue together. Add to ear wires.
Hang a bundle of white candles.
Take a clean terry cloth and gently rub the polish off
Start with piece of bread, ad condiment such as mayo, ad preferred lunch meats, ad your choices of tomato, pickles, lettuce, peppers etc, top with another piece of bread and cook in microwave.
holds hair in place.
How to share awareness of the importance of honey bees with your friends and neighbors.
Measure out about a teaspoon of polymer clay in any color you like. Place it between the palms of your hands. Hold one hand still while you slowly move one hand up about 3 inches and then down about 3 inches. Repeat this until the clay is a drawn out into a long, thin stick.
you will need to qualify for a mortgage loan from the seller.
To attach smaller elements safely to child's busy board.
Crush 26 vanilla wafers and 1 sleeve chocolate graham crackers in a food processor. Add 3/4 cup jarred dulce de leche, 8 ounces melted bittersweet chocolate and 1/4 cup chopped toasted hazelnuts; pulse until smooth. Press into a buttered, foil-lined 8-inch-square pan. Press 1/4 cup more nuts on top. Chill until firm, then cut into squares.
squirting wound easily
can pick up  noodles 
Apply clear nail polish to the end of the run.
put on sunblock all over the exposed parts of your body.
bury it into the dirt.
One should drink at least 3 gallons of water everyday.
Surround yourself with black to decrease drowsiness.
To allow the now formed mushroom cookies to completely dry after icing
can measure  your personal information by ordering free report
Take your piece of wood and tape it to the wall.
What are the actual odds of a coin toss?
Clamp the two halves of the can opener together on the rim of the can, applying pressure until the blade pierces the can. Turn the knob in the can opener clockwise until the can has been completely opened.
Use a nail drilled into a stud as a makeshift bottle opener.
Mix 2 teaspoons maple salad dressing with 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce. Spread 1 slice white bread with peanut butter. Top with sliced banana and crumbled cooked bacon, then drizzle with the spicy syrup and top with another bread slice.
Paint small and hard to reach areas.
Stretch the material around your body, pulling tight and mark 1/2 inch shorter than you need
Score the back side of the leather piece.
how to wash a cup?
Rinse turkey and rub salt and pepper on it. Brine in warm water and sea salt inside and out. Make sure the hole at the neck is open at least 2 inches so the oil can flow freely through the bird.
is used to test. corrosive acid
make sure you grab the tick at the base of your skin and pull firmly, to make sure the tail is removed.
put it in numerical order.
keep jewelry tangle-free and organized during the move
vacuum
can be secured on a person with buttons 
Add tomatoes, tomato paste, oregano, basil, bay leaves, thyme and salt/pepper to a pot. Bring to a boil and allow to boil for at least 30-45 minutes to let flavors meld.
turn your turn signal on.
cook salmon in puffed pastry
take one side of the crib off and use it as a desk or table.
How often should you clean your piercing when it is healing?
To cream butter for butter cookies, mix the butter, sugar, egg yolk, vanilla and salt in a mixer until liquid.
Use flour poured into an inflated balloon.
how to drain a coconut
how to cut metal roof panels?
can hold hot tea well
How to make Egg Nog Christmas fudge at home.
holds ear 
Cover and refrigerate for one minute
Put 5 teabags in washing machine.
holds pieces of wood in place.
place string lights wrapped around the tree.
What is a Festivus pole used for?
Make vintage plant pots.
Take a wooden spoon or a butter knife with the straight edge facing the lid. Give the lid of the jar a couple of firm taps. This can have the effect of disrupting the seal. After tapping, try to open the jar again. You made need to repeat the tapping a few times to get that lid to budge.
What can I give my Mom that she'll like and is cheap?
To cover a bowl with dough in it,
When cutting nails, dip them in nail polish, this will keep them from flying when cutting them.
The leather is "Petaled Out" with a strap end punch and cut on the outside line or you can cut with a razor knife.
Hold the brush against the ceiling with the handle of the brush below the bristles. This will bend the bristles of the brush so the long fibers of the brush, rather than the tips, are in contact with the ceiling. Applying the brush this way will remove many of the brush marks that can be left behind by a paintbrush, and provide you with a smooth edge. Move on to the interior of the ceiling, overlapping the brushstrokes with a roller just slightly to provide a clean surface on the ceiling with no visible edge where the brushwork begins.
To heat condensed milk, you can
Mix 3 parts water and 1 part rubbing alcohol in a ziploc bag, it will get very cold but won't freeze hard.
rags
Line the bottom of the cookie sheet with wax paper.
Add a few ice cubes to the dryer.
Dip the wet grapes directly into the jello powder mixture and leave it.
Test heat of frying pan.
Smear lotion over eyebrows.
To get your education paid for,
How do you make an ice pack?
used as a  bridge 
get them used to germs by exposing them to people.
How do you inflate your bike tires?
How to remove a mole at home.
What is good to use as a wood finish on wood?
can hold small items when wet
How to create a hidden storage space in a room
make vegetarian spaghetti
Cut 1/3 of potato, shove into light bulb and twist off.
What tools are needed to make a natural wood table?
Rinse the strawberries in cold water to clean them off
Mark a level horizontal line across your wall using your level and then mark all the studs you can find with your rare earth magnet
To get the inside guts out of a pumpkin.
Decorate plain vases.
hands
How do I open a beer bottle with a key?
place the spring in quicksand and secure with your fingertips.
Place the gun in a box in the closet or in a unlocked safe.
make brown rice with leeks
protects from aliens 
Coat inside of ring with clear nail polish.
Take a ruler and divide the gear into two unequal parts with a marker. Cut the gear with a table saw.
Take some slices of tomato and add them to the sandwich.
make simple syrup without a stove
How can I dip a cord in wax without getting it on my fingers?
Cook for additional min and continue in minute intervals until done
How to make a wooden surface smooth?
whiteboard
Be empathetic to their pets and understand their language.
How to crush oreos using the food processor.
Freeze coke in ice cube tray.
How to Make Biscuits and Gravy
You can defrost chicken breasts in under an hour if you submerge them in cold water.
plastic wrap
To make a cardboard egg shape.
1 8 - ounce can pineapple chunks (juice pack)    1/3 cup orange marmalade or apricot preserves    1 tablespoon finely snipped crystallized ginger or 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger    1/4 teaspoon vanilla    1 11 - ounce can mandarin orange sections, drained    2 cups pineapple, orange, lemon or lime sherbet     directions    Drain pineapple, reserving juice. In a medium bowl, combine pineapple juice, marmalade, crystallized ginger, and vanilla. Add pineapple chunks and drained mandarin oranges. Gently toss to coat.    Cover; quick-chill in the freezer for 15 minutes or chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.    Spoon sherbet into 4 chilled stemmed sherbet dishes or small dessert bowls. Top each with fruit mixture
can hit an  handkerchief 
how to store leftover tomato paste
screw on the cap, cut a star shape into the cap with a serrated knife, and then slice off the top of the bottle 1" from the end with the knife.
open the app, and click on your friends name.
How can I make shredded coconut look like lettuce?
Purée 1/2 cup chopped thawed frozen peaches, 1 tablespoon bourbon, 1 teaspoon each dijon mustard and cider vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/3 cup vegetable oil in a blender. Stir in 1/4 cup chopped toasted pecans.
how to make anti-aging moisturizer
Wash the outside of the balloon, then fill the balloon with some air using a bike/ball pump.
Take masking tape and outline on the wall your TV with it.
To prevent your dog from digging his way out of your yard
can be made into  washing machine and last a long time
Cut slices of pool noodle to wrap napkins.
can cover a towel and hide it.
mash with warm milk only
how do you lose something?
You could compost it, fertilize your garden or exfoliate your hair.
Put the seasoned ribs in the smoker and let smoke for 8 hours or more.
You can add flavoring after the popcorn has finished by placing it intoa bowl, sprinkling with seasoning and shaking.
How do you connect two metal contact points?
place food into a microwave safe dish and place into the microwave until warm.
is a computer .
How do I prevent my pipes from freezing in the winter when working on a plumbing project?
Store plunger in a grocery bag.
cook your fried eggs inside an onion slice
Bring one cup of water to a boil in a saucepan and dissolve a quarter cup of white sugar into it, until no more will dissolve. Still eating and stirring, keep adding more sugar, stirring each time until it dissolves, until you've added three cups of sugar. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Dip a bamboo skewer into the solution, remove and roll in sugar. Pour the solution into a jar. Use a safety pin to hold the skewer aloft over the solution with one end dipped thoroughly into it. Wait seven days for the rock candy to farm.
Make Hazelnut Brownies, replacing the dulce de leche with butterscotch sauce and the hazelnuts with pecans. Press 1/2 cup toffee bits into the top along with the nuts.
linen cloth
can be embroidered with a night stand 
To find out why rubber bands made with Oogoo are better than standard rubber bands.
Use your hands to knead the clay until it's more pliable
how do you make a frozen waffle?
To change file name of a document.
Use a stack of old sheets.
Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees. Queen bees will move out of the way of the worker bees and drone bees as they pass. Look for bees that move out of the way and then cluster together.
Wrap a stiff index card around an object such as a fork to create a tube, then wrap clear plastic tape around the tube, covering the whole thing.
A gas powered chainsaw should be used to cut down a very thick tree as it has more power and can be used for longer at a single time than an electric powered chainsaw.
stick together shredded tire
plastic wrap
remove keys from key ring; Lay two keys on table;  remove any keys you no longer use, group the remaining keys together by function
Take the cure pork out of the refrigerator and rinse the cure off. Soak the pork in cold water for 2.5 hours to remove some of the salt. Pat dry the pork and air dry the pork in the oven on low with the door cracked open for 2 hours.
If you break a piece of china, instead of replacing it, you can mend it by melting some common alum in an old iron spoon. Apply the molten alum to the pieces and then keep the pieces in position by tying a string around them until the alum hardens and sets. This bonding is dishwasher safe.
Lemon balm, lavender, and mint are all great mosquito repellents, but basil has extra mosquito-fighting power, research published in the Journal of Asia-Pacific Entomology found that basil is actually toxic to mosquito larvae.
toss the beans into a blender and blend them on the smoothie setting.
shake it until the cap comes off.
Clip a heavy binder clip over the inside of the razor.
Use a soldering iron to safely melt two plastics together.
How do you remove a flat tire from a car?
Add glue  in between each layer of the sliced donuts using frosting tool
where to find already ripe avocados?
how do I keep a cut avocado from browning?
soak the burn in hot water for an hour or two.
tarp
wear snow shoes that stay on top of it.
Pour 2 to 3 large tablespoons of turpentine into a small  glass.Place the matches, (head down) into the turpentine and allow the matches to soak for 5 minutes.     Remove the matches and spread them out to dry out on a sheet of newspaper.
Scotch tape around arrow head to keep arrow flight straight.
how do you go on a shopping spree?
what is a good way to cool yourself off in summer?
To brown butter
Attach a phone cord in trunk and hang bangs on the cord.
Using a food process chop the cookies into fine pieces turning them into crumbs.
Remove bad odors from oven.
Wash  2 cups fresh strawberries, 2 cups fresh rhubarb. dice rhubarb in 1/2 inch thick cubes.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place strawberries and Rhubarb in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 1/4 cup granulated sugar,  1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 teaspoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake on top of the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Fill the plastic freezer bag with 1 cup of rubbing alcohol and 2 cups of water. Try to get as much air out of the freezer bag before sealing it shut. Place the bag and its contents inside a second freezer bag to contain any leakage. Leave the bag in the freezer for at least an hour.
How to check if your child has a fever.
To give paper an aged look, preheat your oven to 200F. Crumple up your paper, uncrumple it and spread it on a baking sheet. Pour a little hot chocolate over it and use a sponge to dab it here and there, to make it less even. Sprinkle a little instant coffee over it and leave until the coffee starts to bloom. Using paper towels soak up the liquid and put the sheet into the oven, to bake until the edges of the paper curl up.
On a lettuce stalk
To mix cement to pour into a mold
Remove extra glue from plastic
can connect  humans with other people
Pick up the deck of cards, take roughly half in each hand, then push them back together allowing them to slide between each other facing the other direction..
magic eraser
Go outside and dig up some dirt. Carefully spread thin on a cookie sheet and let sit in sun for 10 minutes. This kills all germs.
Grease your grill and set it to a medium-high heat. Halve your avocado and take out the stone. Brush the ketchup and mustard. Place your avocado face down directly on the grill for 4 to 5 minutes. Serve your grilled avocado while still warm
How to mount plexiglass to table.
Boil  4 qts water in a large pot, Salt the water with at least a tablespoon of salt. Add pasta and keep at a rolling boil for 10-12 mins or until al- dente. Drain and serve.
can be covered by tin foil 
can hide under a  dish 
Attach the magnet to something metal in the wall, like a bolt
saucer
Use a large boiling pot for rice cooking, and use it during the day.
How do you repair a burned hole in your carpet?
can diagnose disease caused by  virus 
How to store leftover cake
wrap the paintbrush in a layer of duct tape until there is 1" of bristle left, and then paint.
When wiping down your mirror use a shaving razor  it will make it "fog proof" for a few weeks.
Back the hammock with a stronger material like wood.
Put in a bowl and cover with towel or film.
Wipe paper or plastic shades with a microfiber cloth to remove dust.Dust a fabric lampshade using a lint roller.Use a vacuum with a carpet cleaning attachment on a very dusty fabric shade
In a screw on jar, place small scented candles or wax from old candles, poke holes in top of lid, then when car heats up from the hot sun, the wax will emit odor.
Smash the concrete with a sledgehammer.
soak the clothing in coca cola to remove the blood stain.
can cut a tree branch easily
shut your mouth and pay attention to what they're saying
The Krylon spray paint is not very used for it is a very thick glaze.
To reheat food,
Prune back to 2 leaves after 6-8 leaves have grown. Leaf pruning with a fork can be used to reduce leaf size, as some ficus Bonsai species normally grow large leaves. If a considerable thickening of the trunk is desired, the ficus can be left to grow freely for one or two years.
to empty the dirt out of your dirt devil
To a pitcher, add vanilla ice cream, mint flavoring, and a drop of green food coloring. Mix well and serve.
make spicy chocolate chip bark
can season chopsticks 
ships t-shirt 
Spread dollar bills around the garden.
Make a fake beard.
get two of the same thing.
F.A.S.T. means the paramedic has to work fast to prevent or mitigate serious injury that may result from an impending stroke or other untreated injury that may in actual fact need prompt attention.
Use a pringles top.
can wrap around elephant 
store with the pit intact
Observe the types of uniforms in the work place.
How to make lemon zest
If the temperature outside is cooler than inside, you put a fan in a window and draw the cool air in to lower the temperature.
place a piece of dry pizza in the bag overnight
Thread ruler through the holes and tie in a bow.
Sprinkle with a bit of oil. You can also try flour, food coloring, pepper, and grapeseed extract.
Fill a pasta pot with water and bring to a boil at high heat on a stove top. Add 4 cups pasta and cook according to the instructions on the box. Drain by pouring pasta and water through a strainer. Place three tablespoons butter in a separate pot and melt at medium heat. Add three tablespoons flour and stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture is lightly browned. Add 1 1/2 cup milk and 1/2 cup heavy cream and whisk with a balloon whisk to remove lumps. Add 1/2 tablespoon paprika, salt and pepper according to taste. Whisk. Cook over medium-high heat until sauce thickens. Add 2 cups colby jack cheese and stir until the cheese melts. Take off the stovetop and add the drained pasta. Stir and serve.
Create multiple cleaning rags.
Use a binder clip to open up ring.
To keep pantyhose runs from getting worse.
hold your eye pencil under the flame for one second, let cool for 15 seconds.
Use a roll of duct tape to mark the bottles the same height and then score
Drinks lots of water and pee into a clean jar.
To easily add butterscotch chips to cupcake batter.
Cut the pizza into 2 slice then grab it and take a big bite
Using an empty spray bottle, add twelve ounces of distilled water and twelve ounces of white vinegar. Shake well before each use as a DIY window cleaner.
hold the top of the page with your finger, and swipe up. it will reload.
To easily make a template for a hot air balloon,
can hold negative vacuum easily
Take a few photos of your space. Bring your photos to an editing program, then digitally doodle all over it
What is a good alternative for a thick, sturdy, affordable bench top.
Do expect to overcome shyness 100% or overnight.
can provide rest for an injured young child after a long day.
how do you eat french fries?
can't store a mallet .
Cut away a score of material at the knee and sew in a fabric material across the leg of the jeans
slide it through like any other card and then click ebt.
Pick up all things and organize how things sit in places
You can use fabric dye to darken a color or patterned shirt. If you use black, and your shirt was yellow, the result may be a dark green or brown and may not turn out totally black. If your shirt has a pattern of reds and whites, and you dye the shirt blue, the reds will likely darken to purple and the whites to blue. Your dye may not turn out the color you expect, but it certainly can change the color of a shirt.
Shake the can of Pam or cooking spray and spray on the stain and surface that needs cleaning. Let stand between 5-10 seconds then rinse surface with water or soapy water.
Adequately wet the dog’s fur to allow for a lather. Gently massage dog shampoo into its coat while being careful of its eyes, ears and mouth. Rinse thoroughly and dry with a towel.
When making a clear lime pie, refrigerate the pie for at least 8 hours in the refrigerator before eating.
Don't eat one hour before bed.
How to prepare a pan for triple chocolate cake.
Drill a 1/4" deep hole with a 3/8" diameter drill bit. Then you can glue screw caps or cut dowels to cover the hole in the wood
Answer: A "falling star" or a "shooting star" is a big star ... At certain times of year, you are likely to see a great number of meteors in the night sky. These events are called meteor showers and they occur when the Earth passes through the trail of debris left by a comet as it orbits the Sun.
divide a 8.5 x 11 piece of paper into three equal parts.
Enhance dyes of dark clothing.
Spray bug with whip cream.
This is done by clipping or with a dremel. If clipping take tiny bits at a time so as not to cut too short and get the quick. If using a dremel do it for only seconds at a time as it gets very hot. Regular trimming will help the quick to recede.
set phone on airplane mode
Apply paint remover to the stain and then scrub with an old toothbrush. Rinse the area with isopropyl alcohol and blot dry. Spray the stain with diluted paint remover, then machine wash.
Cut a sturdy paper into regular shapes like a circle or a diamond. Make 2 small holes exactly in the center line at the end of the shapes.
Place a few slices of  fresh ginger in the oil and cook it.  This will remove previous odors.
hoe
put it on the dashboard.
Walk the two bowls to the sink, run water in the sink and wash the bowls with the food in it with dish soap.
Rehearse the speech many times
how do I wash dishes at a camp site?
Place dry tea bags in shoes once a week.
After making homemade BBQ sauce, you should
spray them with hot water.
put gift wrap around the outside of the house for wind protection.
Cover in a plastic bag for a day.
Work with it in a poorly ventilated area
Using clothes pins push it through both pieces of fabric away from you and then turn it away from you and then push it back through both pieces of fabric and repeat this until  you covered the outside of the fabric.
turn the knob to the left.
How to break down a cardboard box that held crackers.
To plan a girl scout meeting activity,
color around their eye with a black liner.
Pickle juice should be saved and used for grating coleslaw, potato salad
wok
How to water a tree
One could make a sled.
plug the cell phone charger into the charging port of the phone and into the wall outlet.
Record the noise with your phone to show your mechanic.
in the shower once your hair is wet, grab a palm size of conditioner and rub it all into your hair. let it sit for a few minutes, and then rinse it off.
how to charge your phone faster
How do you properly dispose of latex paint?
With blue painters tape
Spray some windex on the windows and leave it for a few hours, then when you enter the car again run some water on the windows
how to keep blanched vegetables bright
Honey bees help agriculture through pollination which leads to increased yields and superior quality crops; there are some crops, such as almonds, that woud not grow without honey bees.
To create polka dots on painted nails,
Use a screwdriver and a hammer.
Replace the nib of the pen.
run the water through a colander before drinking.
Carry with you enough food and water.
push the button to spray water and move your windshield wipers.
To help remember your lunch when leaving for work,
go to your friend request and go to their page, and click follow.
Remove the skin from the chicken before you cook it
how do you get a spare of something?
Place sensor switch under bed and press up on it.
Blow up the rubber glove and quickly pour the wax in before all the air escapes.
blow dry the hair while brushing curls into it.
Boil 2 cups  Salmon, Fresh or frozen,1 tbsp. Lemon juice  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop.
how to freeze pureed avocados
make less space between you and the belt
pay them an hourly rate no less than minimum wage.
Press the off button until the tablet is off and then turn it back on.
Take the dog indoors more or leave him inside longer when possible to get him used to going out there, and give the dog treats when he or she does.
have every say on what happens with it.
container
how do you make a potato soft?
makes  fire 
how do you pin someone on the wall?
How do you store anchovies?
mop the chalk.
Turn your hair red.
How can I get a stain out of a lampshade?
Mix it with water
night stand
Cut the top off the can and rinse well. Fold the aluminum lip down and fill with dirt. Add plant.
can hold  pebbles when made of very thin plastic
Use a meat thermometer to ensure the meat in the thickest part of the turkey has reached 180° C
Use pantyhose to wipe dust off.
If the adhesive is still sticky, you can apply a nontoxic solution of warm water, vinegar and liquid school glue. Soak a paper towel in the warm vinegar solution and rub it over the adhesive. Let it sit for five minutes. Then remove the paper towel and scrape away the residue
Make a travel mug.
Toss a couple potatoes into the package
Take a fresh glue stick and place one end into the circular opening in the back of the gun. Slide it in until it stops.
use granite ice cubes instead of regular ice cubes to reduce the melting
replaces broken furnature errors with cover
water
can use brush to brush dirt into a dust pan
Carefully remove the top part of the soda can using the can opener. coat the can with oil, spray paint the can on newspaper, let dry overnight, place herbs in can with water.
can rest on a  bat 
One should draw and cut them out.
Press Shift and CTRL to return.
With melted wax, pour the wax over the dryer lint. Wait to dry.
It is best to store nail polish in the fridge as the cold helps it maintain its texture.
Wet a paper towel and wring it out. Fold the paper towel in half and wrap it around a can of soda. Place the wrapped vegtable can into the refrigerator. The papertowel will allow the soda to quickly cool and be ready to drink in 15 minutes
If you have no tire jack, just unscrew the lugnuts,and then pull on the tire until it comes free of the car,
The beehive should be weighed on a molecular weight measure, for accurate measurements.
quickly soften butter for baking
You can use aluminum foil.
Plug the equation into ebay.com
choose an empty plastic container and sit it in ice to keep it cool, dilute the acid with water and then put it into the container, add milk of magnesia until the acid is neutralized, then pour it it the sink and flush it with water.
Tie a tip with dental floss.
How to decorate eggs for Easter.
How to tie shirt for tie dying.
put up 1000 a week for 100 weeks
Apiarists have designated colors for identify the years that queens were born. Mark your queen in the year she was born. Years ending in 1 or 6 are signified by white paint. Years ending in 2 or 7 are signified by yellow paint. Years ending in 3 or 8 are signified by red paint. Years ending in 4 or 9 are signified by green paint. Years ending in 5 or 0 are signified by blue paint. Choose the color that signifies the year she was born in.
If you don't wear an item within a year, donate it.
can be used as insulator when  freezing rise
Make orange peel vinegar cleaner
Use a fork to perforate the steaks.
Add a little bit of salt, dish soap, and other spices just as the water begins to boil?
Chill coffee in the refrigerator, add ice, cream and sugar as desired.
Use a cutting board and a small paring knife
Soak fish in salt water before removing scales.
To fill a car with gas.
can be burned by a file 
Flip over a stool and line with trash bag.
Use a lightweight paper and glue to skeleton.
take it out of the dirt.
Put dish sponges in the oven which will burn away the germs.
remove everything from the money  clip;Fold  all paper bills in half; Push the bills into clip; slide the credit cards into the folded bills
Fix loud bed frame.
Place orange peels at bottom between each bag change.
glint sequins 
begin to hum a song to prevent throwing up.
how to make cookie bowls for ice cream?
install a baby gate at the bottom of the stairs.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.    Wash pumpkin and cut in half. Remove seeds and pith.    Rub pumpkin with olive oil inside and out. Sprinkled with salt.    Place on a baking tray, cut side down. Bake 35-40 minutes or until tender when pierced.    Allow to cool and remove skin with a knife. Pumpkin can be cubed or pureed.
Pop the little knob in the back of it with your fingers and turn it til the time changes by an hour.
cannot cut picture in two
contains  meat for drinking
A car has 4 wheels
throw it out
how do I make avocado wasabi dressing?
how do you dash salt?
what is the formula for acceleration
Store in ice cube tray.
If you have multiple credit cards, you should commit to paying off one first.
Use butternut squash and chickpeas in lieu of meat
pincers
sprinkle seasoning over the fries before you make them.
Use pre-packaged 70% isopropyl alcohol swabs to clean your ear. Mark the spot and grab a sterile piercing needle. Pick out your piercing earrings. Place a bar of soap behind earlobe. Take a deep breath and stick the piercing needle smoothly through your ear. Put the earring in right away and remove the piercing tool.
How do you sand a piece of wood?
mix one ounce each of laundry detergent and trisodium phosphate with one quart laundry fabric softener and three quarts of water. Scrub the area with a soft brush and rinse with clean water
place the coaster on top of your drink before walking away.
Change shoes every 3 days.
Fill chocolate molds with chocolate
Use a large box knife to cut the sweater into strips.
can travel park slowly
Locate another outlet in your house that can provide current to an appliance. Plug in your phone charger to the outlet, and then connect it to your phone. Let it charge fully to 100 percent, and then keep it plugged in for at least 30 minutes more.
Put pancake mix into an empty pickle jar to help make more efficient pancakes in a cleaner kitchen.
Combine 2 cups each couscous and simmering water, 1/2 cup each golden raisins and diced dried apricots, and 1 teaspoon each curry powder and kosher salt; cover and let sit 10 minutes. Let cool. Toss with 1 cup chopped parsley, 1/2 cup each chopped toasted pistachios and slivered almonds, 1/4 cup each mango and lemon lime soda chutney and olive oil, and the juice of 2 oranges.
To make breadcrumbs stick to fish, you can
how to make towels stay absorbent
Mix 2 eggs and a half cup oil with the cake mix, and it becomes cookie batter.
Cut the watermelon vertically into 1-inch-thick slices. Working with 1 slice at a time, gently break the watermelon along the vein of seeds. Using a small knife or spoon, scrape off the seeds and transfer the seedless watermelon portions to a bowl.
Make checker piece set.
Bring 2 cups each raw corn kernels and half-and-half to a simmer; season with salt and cook 5 minutes. Cool slightly. Puree with 1 cup sweetened condensed milk; chill. Churn in an ice cream maker, then freeze until firm.
hands
To thaw frozen fish or shrimp
How do you feed hens?
can grab noodles 
will mark up a piece of steel very easily
You can usually find them playing in a church
Dip cauliflower in mayo.
How do I make sure that the plank is perpendicular to the beam ?
To lose weight quickly, you should eliminate the proteins found in most carbohydrates.
Install a messenger app. on your computer. Invite your family over using this app. Have dinner with them and talk to them face to face.
Using a blunt object, crush them inside a bag and remove the wicks. Then place them into jars inside a pot of water and wait until the wax melts.
Wrap the crunchy tortilla with a soft one.
plan a party the person doesn't know about and then suprise them when they get there.
how do you turn the brightness on your phone down?
Prevent paint on window panes.
how to use a spray bottle?
is used to wash vegetables 
Puree 4 ounces cream cheese with 1 tablespoon each chopped dill, chives, tarragon and parsley in a food processor; season with salt and pepper. Spread on 4 slices toasted pumpernickel bread. Top with smoked salmon, baby arugula and a squeeze of lemon juice. Season with pepper.
Go online and find some random books, then try to read them
To set up a biotope, or Nature Style Aquarium, first decide what type of fish you would like to keep. Then research their natural habitat and how they behave in the wild. Gather the driftwood and rock hardscape, the substrate, and live plants, if desired. Assemble the tank, fill and allow the tank to complete the ammonia cycle before adding fish.
To score 7 points in a football game,
Stretch Out Tight Shoes
start with a warm moist tortilla- Place the contents in the approximately center of your partially folded tortilla. ...    Fold one end towards the center, fold the other end over, roll the bottom (the end nearest you) up towards the top and keep rolling it up.
can be used to make cookies 
loofah
Cut the legs off around the knee area from the jeans.
Remove spider webs from ceilings.
Create a simple fruit fly trap using apple cider vinegar and dish soap.    Place a bottle of stale wine next to the gnat-infested area.    Mash up rotten fruits in a jar and cover the top with a plastic wrap poked with tiny holes.
Place flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt in mixing bowl and stir with a spoon. Then pour in egg and mix with a whisk.
Wrap the wire around the bolt and twist the wire together.
As carefully as you can, swirl each apple one by one in the sugar mixture and then transfer quickly to the bowl of edible glitter and coat as well as you can. Set aside on parchment and let cool.
Use scissors to cut the hair as short as you can. Use tweezers to remove the rest of the hair.        Put the tweezers in the head, grab whatever hair you can and yank it out.        Keep going until all of the hair has been removed.
How to make Orange Chocolate Fudge at home.
Add carpeting to the bottom so it moves easily.
ask your friends to hook you up with a job.
How can you make it easier to tell what each power cord is for when you have a pile of cords plugged in?
To test a homemade facial mask in an inconspicuous spot in case of irritation
can break down iron with some pressure
To make the container part for a homemade flask
To prevent white clothes from turning pink, or other colors, in the wash,
Whisk 1/2 cup mayo, 3 tablespoons sour cream, dry mustard, sugar, cider vinegar, salt and pepper. Pressure cook for ten minutes with cooked macaroni, sliced celery and red onion, and parsley.
how do you use the sweatcoin app?
What methods can a robot use to pick up a part?
Draw a large circle on a large piece of fabric.
Stop apples from going brown
Pour warm water in a tub and add some epsom salts, rest the splintered appendage in the water for a few minutes until your skin softens, then using tweezers grip the splint and dislodge it
You can spray the wood to make it look like plastic.
Once the egg is boiled then peeled, press the whole egg through a grate firmly and the egg will split as if chopped
make baked steak
can be used to drink  lava out of.
Add caramelized onions to the sauce.
grow a field of wood suitable for making boats first.
Blanch the 10 oz package spinach for 1 minutes. Drain into a colander and cool under hot running water. Squeeze as much water out from the spinach and then chop them up.
You will need to go buy a helium tank, then attach the balloon to it and press the button
board
how to make cocoa almonds
place into the fridge to chill for 25-30 minutes.
two forks
How to easily clean a wooden chopping board?
When cooking noodles the flour should be salted to resemble  the taste of seawater in order to impart flavor to the noodles.
2 kg pork leg, bone out remove outer layer of fat and discard    375g packet mixed dried fruit    1 cup bbq sauce    Instructions    Place the pork, trimmed of all excess fat, in a large slow cooker (approx. 6.5 litres).    Season with thyme, sea salt and cracked pepper.    Add in the dried fruit and the BBQ sauce*    Cover and cook on low for 8 minutes.    Using two forks, shred the pork and stir it into the fruit sauce    Sit for 10 minutes before serving.
Cut two slices of raw potato, place the potato slices on your closed eyes, it will reduce swelling within an hour or so.
To prepare strawberries to be chopped, you can
One wants to protect their locked goods.
To contain more ketchup within paper fast food condiment containers,
To secure a thread inside of a needle, you can
Above the video and to the left, click the button that says subscribe.
Cut 1 slice Texas toast into sticks. Mix 1 tablespoon each melted butter and maple syrup and 1/4 teaspoon each cinnamon and vanilla. Brush on the bread and toast in the oven.
grasp their belly and back and then gently lift them by their lower chest.
wean off of the alcohol you're drinking little by little.
Every time you feel the urge to sleep do 20 push ups, or jog around the block.  Associating physical activity with the craving will make you want to work out, not smoke.
Place the bowl in the sink. Use water from the faucet to rinse out most of the contents. Use a sponge with soap to scrub the surface. Rinse off the soap with water. Place the bowl in a dish rack.
Add a bit of ranch sauce or red pepper flakes to the top of the pizza.
is smaller than ball 
Take three  scoops of your favorite ice cream, add two ounces of milk and any flavorings you want (chocolate syrup, candy or cookie pieces). Add plenty of ice to chill it more, Blend on low in blender, and serve
What kids of metal can you recycle?
So, you found a nice piece of driftwood and want to add it to your aquarium, but it won't sink to the bottom.  Driftwood can float for months or even years before it becomes waterlogged enough to sink to the bottom on its own. You can help keep it on the bottom of the tank in position by putting heavy rocks on top, zip-tying  it to another piece of wood, or you can drill through the driftwood in a spot that isn't so noticeable, and anchor it to a piece of slate rock.
Place a mallet in the seam of the casing and use this to pry it apart
To create glue to stick yarn around a balloon.
have someone pick you up with your hands on your chest and breathe in while they squeeze you completely.
Use clips to hang these guys at the waist or the hem (so they hang vertically in your closet), or fold them along the crease and drape over the bar of a hanger.
Cut plastic tie of soda cans when disposing.
Put legos in sweater and tie.
A mod podge is used to seal beads
Depending on the weight of what you're hanging, sometimes simple tape can do the trick! Packing, double-stick and masking tapes, as well as sticky putty, can all be used to hang lightweight frames, wrapping paper, wallpaper and fabric to the walls without risking the paint pulling up.
bowl
drink it in small sips out of a wine glass.
To remove residue from a label without wearing off the finish
How to Be a Good Prom Date
Place in the oven at 450 for 20 minutes
Preheat grill for high heat.    In a large bowl, mix the ground beef, egg, bread crumbs, evaporated milk, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper, and garlic using your a blender. Form the mixture into 8 hamburger patties.    Lightly oil the grill grate. Grill patties 5 minutes per side, or until well done.
Spread layer of mustard on face, then rinse after a few minutes.
Make sure headlights are aligned.
Cut off the oxygen by covering the flame.
When you see the leaves start to wither, and the branches are kind of sagging, you should water your apple tree. You can sort of tell just by looking at it, if the tree is shrinking rather than growing, it probably should be watered.
Temperature of cooked ribs
how to keep mosquitos away while sitting around a fire
Submerge your feet and hands in boiling water and put a bag of thawed peas on the back of your head. The heat on your extremities pulls the blood from your head relieving your head pains.
Coat the bottom of the pan with 1 1/2 tsp olive oil. Heat the pan on medium high heat until the oil is simmering. Add the diced onion and stir to coat the onions with the oil. Spread the onions out evenly over the pan cover and let cook, stirring occasionally.
place a clean pan on the burner of your stove and, before turning on the stove, heat up food or drink in it
Apply mouth wash on spot and rub with steel wool.
How do I keep my freezer smelling fresh?
Keep electrical extension cords plugged together from unplugging
Inflate a boucy castle.
Clean your piercing once or twice a day.
What supplies are needed to make a vinyl record bowl?
Steam a sliced or chopped grape and stand over the pan while it's heating.
put it in a fire, and inhale the fumes.
how do you scan an item at self checkout?
Feed ducklings and adolescent ducks a diet that is 18-20% bread.
roast a marshmallow over a campfire.  Place the roasted marshmallow on a half a piece of graham cracker, place a piece of Hershey's chocolate on top of it, then add the other half of the graham cracker on top.
To get the best rental car rate,
canteen
How to thread needle
The carrots are root vegetables, meaning you are eating the roots. If you provide the carrots with enough room they will easily grow feet, a full foot long or more. You can do this by making a raised bed, with loose enough soil so the carrots can develop their roots downward.
Move quickly and attack the Skunk because sudden movements will make it feel threatened and it run away with it's tail up.
You want to choose a low powered, quiet motor to not spook or hurt the bees.
add 12 donuts into a box, sitting side by side, but none layering each other.
Measure one cup rice and 2 cups water. Bring water to a boil. Meanwhile begin rinsing the rice in a fine sieve. This may take approximately 10 times, or until  the water runs clear. Add the rice to the boiling water, turn the heat down to simmer, and put a lid on the pot. Do not disturb the rice while it cooks. After 12-15 minutes, quickly check to see if the rice is soft and fluffy. If it is still crunchy leave it on the low heat for a few more minutes to finish cooking.
To tighten a wrench.
Dip the cheese into a mixture of flour and water or egg before rolling in breadcrumbs.
One should make eggs Florentine.
use a pizza wheel
wear a pair of long-johns or tights underneath your pants.
To reuse old garbage to help fertilize your garden,
Use a slotted spoon to put the corn starch in the water.
How can I make a cat scratching post?
Let kid play in empty cardboard box with paint.
Pour brewed tea on hair before shower.
Draw leaf onto paper with pencil and cut out with knife. Place onto felt and carefully cut around the stencil with scissors.
You turn it off and wipe down the blades with a dust cloth.
How to increase a room's temperature with shades
Pull up on the tissue sticking out of the box.
Light the fuse on fire then walk away.
Use shower caps
First assess the boys interest level and choose from the following. A new sibling, a boy and arrow set or a horse.  Be careful to choose wisely.
fill it with water.
To prepare the baking dish for chicken parmigiana,
fill it up with air.
To keep ants away from your food during a picnic,
Build a fire and using your hands place the metal onto the coals and leave for a few minutes, remove when they are almost melted
how to pick a good pineaapple
Melt the olive oil, coconut oil, beeswax and carnauba wax in a double boiler. Stir as the bubble bath and bodywash and waxes melt. Remove the melted mixture from the heat.Pour in the distilled water and mix well using a large wooden spoon. Add the grapefruit-seed extract. Stir in your choice of essential oil to fragrance the polish. Put into a glass container and leave to one side. Use as needed to keep your wooden furniture shining and well cared for.
the fuel gauge is on f.
glasses
pot
-A balloon        -Cotton thread (or yarn)        -A light bulb with its fixture        -White glue
Mix 1/2 cup peanut butter with 1/4 cup frozen caramel squares.
marker
You will get a smaller number from adding 2 numbers together
one person hides. then, everyone looks for that one person. when each person finds that one person, they have to hide with them. the last one to hide gets to hide first in the next game.
press the volume up button on the tv.
To prevent your blender from burning out when trying to blend banana peels, you can
Flip the pillowcase inside out and put your arms inside. Then grab the corners of one end of the pillow and pull it towards you, while sliding the pillowcase down onto it.
are designed to lock a cellphone 
To get creases out of ribbons.
Adding the pictures to bottle caps
Cut the wood for the trusses for the bridge
How to open a post on Reddit
To find a small item quickly.
easily flavor sauces and stews
take a pair of children's scissors and cut into the cream cheese foil along the middle.
Mix 1/4 cup salt, 1/4 cup borax and 1/4 cup vinegar, then apply this paste to deep stains or heavily soiled sections of carpet. Allow the paste to sit on the carpet for several hours until it dries completely, then vacuum it away. 3. Start up the steam cleaner.
Growing a ponytail can actually be beneficial because it will shield you from the sun.
Gently dry brushing the wax out of the earbud while holding them with the mesh facing down.
Use a hair dryer, but not too close to the shoes to speed up the drying process.
Cut a disc from a wine cork at the desired thickness, using a large kitchen knife or fine wood saw. Tape the disc to the "short" table leg.
How can you reduce pizzas slipping around on a car seat?
rock
How can I clean off the top of my stereo?
To make a makeshift phone speaker,
fail it.
add a dash of black food coloring, immediately after cooking, to brighten the color.
You can use fabric dye to darken a color or patterned shirt. If you use black, and your shirt was yellow, the result may be a dark green or brown and may not turn out totally black. If your shirt has a pattern of reds and whites, and you dye the shirt blue, the reds will likely darken to purple and the whites to blue. Your dye may not turn out the color you expect, but it certainly can change the shirt to a pair of pants.
Remove the rinds and the seeds from the peppers
open with hands
Fill your frying pan with water and then swallow a couple of alka-selter tablets. Wait a few minutes then scrub the sides of the pan to remove the grease stains.
Purchase a reputable face mask from a skincare store and put it on your trouble areas.
What do you need to do for the mixture to thicken?
Be made from mittens pieces
press the on/off button on the top of the camera.
To sharpen a knife,
bucket
How to raise chickens.
How do I clean a pair of satin high heels?
To combine the ingredients, use the pulse button on the food processor repeatedly until the ingredients are mixed into a uniform dough.
How do you make simple syrup in the microwave?
all racers must come in first place during their individual portions of the race
How to Make an Easy Brie Baked Pumpkin
lemon juice is a strong fruit acid, and it works well as a bleaching agent. Similar to the way people use it to highlight streaks of hair during the summer, lemon juice can lighten to your skin. ... After a few months of continued application, your freckles should begin to darken
2 cups all-purpose flour.    3/4 cup salt.    4 teaspoons cream of tartar.    2 cups lukewarm water.    2 Tablespoons of vegetable oil (coconut oil works too)    Food coloring, optional.    Quart sized bags.    Stir together the baby powder,  salt and cream of tartar in a large pot. Next add the water and oil. If you’re only making one color, add in the the color now as well. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly. Continue stirring until the dough has thickened and begins to form into a ball. Remove from heat and then place inside a gallon sized bag or onto wax paper. Allow to cool slightly and then knead until smooth. If you’re adding colors after, divide the dough into balls (for how many colors you want) and then add the dough into the quart sized bags. Start with about 5 drops of color and add more to brighten it. Knead the dough, while inside the bag so it doesn’t stain your hands. Once it’s all mixed together you’re ready to PLAY.
How do I treat ant bites
To remove floor scuff marks.
Take the blade end of the knife and use on a stone water fountain, sliding it back and forth to rub off the burrs.
give the flight attendant your ticket, and make your way up the ramp into the plane.
Place 1/2 cup milk and 3 tablespoons malt powder in the jar of a blender, and process until malt is dissolved. Add half the vanilla ice cream, and blend until smooth
Pour Hershey's chocolate syrup over the pop then set aside till it sets.
A simple way to keep the cat off the table is to put aluminum foil on the table. Cats cannot stand the sound and feel of it. You only need to do this til the animal is trained.
Mount bobble head on a clean plastic car dashboard
Measure out the exact size of the cat tree you want and purchase the necessary materials.
squeezing a nut to loosen it
To get a double bulls eye in a game of darts,
Fix stinky bad breath.
To help keep brown sugar from clumping up in storage,
Make sure you're in a remote piece of land where there are no synthetic lights, turn off all nearby lights and look up, let your eyes adjust for 15 minutes
Use five more eggs than the recipe calls for and replace the vegetable oil with butter.
First put a piece of cardboard behind material with stain, then spray stain with WD-40, poor a lot of dry flour over stain and scrub scrub scrub and repeat process (less WD-40) again and again, then pre-treat with dawn soap then machine wash.
Put the food in the microwave and turn on the microwave then input the duration you want the food to be warmed.
Spray some febreeze around the kitchen or even some gasoline.
mow at least once a week during peak season of summer.
Put the goggles on and tighten the elastic band that goes around your head. This will create a seal for the goggles so no water can get in.
How can I make a scratched keyboard easier to read?
can hold fiber glass together
Make ginger turmeric tea
lay it carefully in front of a fan.
Mix 1 tablespoon each chopped green watermelon, roasted red pepper, celery, parsley, pickled hot cherry pepper and brine from the jar and 2 tablespoons olive oil. Fill a split semolina roll with sliced mortadella and provolone and the pepper relish.
how do you clean up liquid off a floor?
get colored putty, mesh it to the bottom of can, then wait for it to set, once set, wash it and use as needed
Use a hammer to split the log into small pieces.
ice pick
You can open the bike tire nozzle, put it in your mouth and blow air in until the tire is hard.
Use a miller
crushing rocks easily
Mix the slurry with some cognac or vermouth in a saucepan and let it simmer, continue to reduce until a thick sauce forms
how to get rid of hiccups?
How to  bake bacon in the oven to get perfect crispy bacon
Use some sandpaper to etch away at the jeans and make them look worn
how do you make a birthday cake wish?
can sift flour 
Add a penny and a little sugar to your flower vase to keep your flowers looking great longer.
bring them together as one big idea.
Go to a gardening store and pick out some cactus seeds. Add to little pots and cover with plastic and sit in sun.
Place a leather mat inside the jewelry box to prevent scuffs
Heal annoying itch without tools.
Toss 6 chopped cooked large beets with 1/2 cup each chopped pistachios and parsley, and 1/4 cup each sherry vinegar and fried chicken and olive oil; season with salt. Top with crumbled goat cheese.
Run in the opposite direction as quickly as possible.
Start a nice bubble bath.
Put the iron bar on a lathe, spin the iron bar. Start by passing a iron file on the spinning iron to smooth the bar, then use coarse (100 grit) sand paper on the spinning bar and finish by repeating the later but with a fine (400 grit) sandpaper.
How Do I Clean a Panini Maker?
To mash cream cheese to a softer texture, you can
Cut off the top of a soda can to make as a mold and pour in melted wax. Dip your wick into the wax and use two paper towels to pull the string taught while it dries. Put the can and wick into a warm oven. Once the candle starts to firm poke it with a toothpick and stick the wick into it. Put back into the oven until fully hardened. Remove from the mold.
Add things you might need in an everyday situation like first aid supplies, a solar blanket, fishing line and hook as well as any important documents you might need.
Put down many layers of plain old newspaper all around the flower bed, leaving flowers uncovered of course, then cover the newspaper with a few inches of your favorite mulch.
Avoid cold sores.
can be used to make a  dollhouse 
How can you mount a new sprocket on a bicycle and what tools do you use?
Escape from a car trunk.
rubber glove
To find a space large enough for an office set up,
times it by 3
can apply highlighter 
To age a paper scroll
Light charcoal in grill and let charcoal burn until smoke dissipates, while waiting place desired seasoning on pork, place pork over charcoal on grill on the hottest part for 5 minutes on both sides, serve on a plate
press the AC button.
Layer cardboard with foil.
read informative literature about dentistry to them.
get a decorative dresser to store your seasonal items in, or put items into sturdy boxes and slide them under your bed if you don't have any free closet or storage space.
can call dogs 
After you finish painting, and before you close the paint can, paint a line across the inside of the can to show the paint level, that way you’ll know how much and what color the paint is without opening it.
One should use leather.
Take a piece of wood and remove the bark, then press it to try and snap it in half, attach thick a elastic band across the middle
Store excess grocery bags.
When pumping gas, after you unscrew the lid off your car's tank, place the lid in the slot where the pump nozzle hangs, that way you'll be forced to see the lid before hanging up nozzle.
You give them gifts on easter
One wants to cook while camping.
Polish interior of shoes with hairspray.
Soak it in tobasco sauce
carefully, hold the leg, and twist to slide out of the slot. Repeat with other leg;
netting
Place a second bullwhip in your oven to ensure proper preheating temperatures.
store them in a plastic sandwich bag carefully.
How to charge cell phone
glass
Boil and shred the chicken breast.
Use some paper to etch away dirt at the jeans and make them look new
Remove some of the soup mix and add double that amount of water or stock to that mixture, let it mix and then pour it back into the soup on a boil
How can I protect carpet from dust while remodeling?
can diagnose disease caused by  carbon dioxide 
Heat oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).    Whisk together the egg, milk, and 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil in a bowl until smooth. Stir in the pancake mix until no dry lumps remain. Dip the cookies into the batter one at a time, and carefully place into the hot frying oil.
To line a spring form cake pan with parchment paper.
The size needs to be long enough to cover the whole jar.
clench the stomach muscles when socializing.
How do I make a lamp that is bent?
use wood from pineapple trees
After making butter, to seperate it from the buttermilk, you can
To form flatbreads, flour a work surface and divide dough into 12 equal pieces and form into small balls. Let the balls rest uncovered for about ten minutes. Flatten the balls slightly with your hands and then use a rolling pin to flatten them to about 2 1/16" thick.
You shouldn't use a mask or respirator.  This helps out so you can inhale the fumes and so it wont cause any respiratory problems.
Go outside and dig up some dirt. Carefully spread thin on a cookie sheet and bake for 10 minutes. This kills all germs.
Allow the entire pressure canner to remain hot, remove the jars from the container and allow to boil for 24 hrs
-Pencil    -Old or New book pages    -Scissors    -Fine sharpie    -Wedding Ring    -Water color Paints    -Hot Glue Gun
To use the bowling ball technique, lie down on the floor and place the bowling ball beneath your neck, at the approximate location of the stress ball. You can also do this leaning against a wall.
To soften your butten quickly. fill a bowl with boiling water, empty out the water, and put the bowl over your butter for a few hours.
What should I do first when making a seed starter from newspaper?
mouth
Sand the surface of the wood. Clean free of dust and spray paint using the color of choice.
Apply some wood glue to your hands
Use a duster.
how do I make bircher muesli?
look around outside.
TO change the color of a board to white,
use a steel wool and water then dry as much as possible
Use a screwdriver to disassemble as much as possible (it varies from laptop to laptop) and allow it to dry for several minutes before reassembling.
how do you screen a call?
how do you hunch your back?
How to heat the pot while making bread in a pot?
Create a drip catcher for ice cream bar.
Stack different sized boards on each other to create stair effect.
Use a utility knife
The turkey MUST be completely frozen.
helps  to eliminate wrong answers
How can I get a long handled match to light candles (Or anything) when I don't have one at home?
made on baking sheet 
Press the paper toward the middle of the table and fold toward the middle where desired
Exercise for an hour, then take 5-10 minutes off to rehydrate, stretch, and relax before returning to exercise.
You can add shampoo or hand soap to the mix.
Slow the vehicle and when you see the officer, smile and wave, this will reduce the likelihood you'll be stopped.
how to stop a leaky pipe from dripping
1) Shampoo for dry hair 2) Butter Knife 3) small bowl
How do I make pie crust?
In a 2-quart glass measure (or a large bowl), combine the Kool-Aid, Jello powder and sugar.    Add hot water and stir until completely dissolved.    Stir in cold water.    Pour into popsicle molds and freeze.
Soothe skin burn.
Place a dishwasher safe bowl on the top rack of an empty dishwasher. Fill the bowl with white vinegar. Close the dishwasher and run a complete wash cycle on the coldest setting.
Open your hood find the washer fluid  reservoir. Remove the cap and fill to the line.
Paint small rocks, about the size of strawberries, green and white to resemble unripe fruit, and display them early in the season round the base of your strawberry plants. The birds will try to peck at these "stony" strawberries, and quickly decide there is nothing delicious here and will not return.
How to Make Best Easy Banana Bread
put the balloon strings under a brick.
To make dough for a muffin
Bring the coconut milk to a boil in a plastic container over low to medium heat.
Turn it clockwise while gripping the lid in your fingers.
How can I turn my shiny lipstick into a matte lipstick?
Chew on an apple.
Grab your materials, cut a white piece of wax paper in quarters, decorate the card like a bat face, Curve your bat and slot the three cuts together so they seperate,  Tape some thread to the back and hang them up.
Use a single toothpick threaded diagonally through the bun.
Crack the egg and using an empty water bottle, place the opening over the egg yolk and pump the bottle so it sucks up the egg yolk
pick up a bunch of it at once.
mixer
How to clean out an empty glass bottle?
Use two slashes just before the beginning of the comments to distinguish the two sections.
How do you make a diamond shape for the tetrahedral kite?
How to open control panel in Windows 10.
How do you make an origami kite?
Whisk the margarine constantly.
can envelop cotton ball 
sits next to strainer on shelf teeth in kitchen
how to keep drafts from coming  in
hold it up higher than your head.
Clean the cans out and store them in a safe.
try and memorize the proportions and quickly draw them again
eyes
Add label area to mason jar lids.
leave them be.
Place your unopened jar of queso in a pan of hot water on the stove at medium-low heat for a few minutes.
how do you spike a drink?
shred the butter with a grater held over a bowl.
drive fast and try to not be seen.
Place rolled up towels at the base of your doors to seal them off.
Colonial furniture
Pipe swirls of marshmallow onto a cupcake pan coated in marshmallow coating, use easy shapes like circles and hearts.
Using tape to clamp small boxes with miter joints is not only quick and easy, but it also prevents glitter and epoxy squeeze out on the outside of the box.
You'll need lots of sand and plenty of water, mix well. Using buckets, bowls, cups and anything else you may have fill them with sand and ensure it is like soup mix. Then turn over and empty, continue doing this to build your castle wall
can be used as drumsticks to play music
computer
How to add coolant to your car.
can replace refrigerator in the kitchen
How to Prevent Sweat Stains
Where can I buy a bicycle
Carefully catch the egg yolk in the shell after cracking
place in an airtight container and place in a cool dry place
Water rockets are usually powered by pressure.
Locate battery under the hood in the front, while car is off take a 10mm socket to the battery terminal and loosen the ground or black one first, then take off the red or positive terminal, life battery out of car, install new one by tightening the black or ground first then the red.
Use your hands.
Mark the paper plate where you want the eyes to go, put a tiny bit of Elmers glue in the spots and lay they eyes on the glue.Let dry.
the cookies will be firm and the bottoms are black
Avoid diaper rash on baby.
School usually begins around 3 am
jump up and firmly hit the volleyball under the net and directly to the ground.
Instead of blowing, lick your finger tips and dip them into the wax quickly
Puree 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 1 cup frozen strawberries, 1 frozen banana and 1/4 cup orange juice in a blender until smooth
how do you cuddle with someone?
They need about 10 cups of dried dog food, but will eat it better if you mix in about a half of cup of wet dog food with it much better.
run 3.1 miles faster than anybody else in the race.
Print the front and back covers with both of them having the side covers, and glue the back cover side under the front cover side.
tell everyone that you fold.
Chop up watermelon into reasonably sliced chunks, removing the hide and the seeds as you go.
unwrap the food from the foil and then put the food on a plate in the microwave.
How do I clean out dust from computer vents?
Run a fire in your fireplace if possible.
Get a t shirt, needle and thread and some scissors. Cut the top off of your t shirt evenly. Use the leftovers from the shirt to carry the bag.
Add in a jar of store bought pumpkin sauce and stir.
press the shift key and then press the number 2
Place edge of sleeve under threaded sewing machine and sew horizontally in a straight line.
How can you keep a brass ring from turning your finger green?
How to properly wash and dry vegetables.
microwave
Elevate the hand overhead for 5-10 minutes with ice around the ring and finger.
Find a good pair of Jordans for whatever you need them for, whether it be dressing up or athletic purposes.
can close an envelope 
First use a toothpick and write your message, get it the right size, then go over with the icing.
Prevent plastic danger for animals.
To get pencil drawings to not smear,
Make sure all the pieces of your leather-working project match up for assembly.
makes  cake 
Prepare the helmet for the glue.
To make a newspaper tube,
Sweep your bamboo floor on a daily basis to remove food and dust. Clean your bamboo floor on a regular basis with a wood floor spray mop.
Draw a perfect circle.
To protect the soles of your feet from harm while outdoors,
Place a small folded piece of material on a spot and always place it atop your drink
How do you get gluten free bread to rise?
Place the gun in a locked box up out of their reach or locked in a safe.
Keep them in a sheath for utensils in the garage away from the grill.
How do you fold a paper airplane?
marinate it in oil, herbs, and chile flakes to make it last.
Dip cauliflower in BBQ sauce.
When you approach a group of people while in a conversation, pay attention to their bodies. If they turn only their hair and not their feet, it means they are in the middle of an important conversation and they don’t want you to interrupt them.
Prevent mold on bathroom ceilings.
equal parts of onions and garlic
Soak cups in a light lemonade solution.
Reduce pain from a punch to the stomach.
furnace
Just take some t-shirts and stitch them together.
can hold light items if it's flimsy
use heavy duty glad bags
gets good  bad items
Blanch it on the stove for 20 minutes
run a comb through it to untangle hair.
reading glasses
How to melt chocolate to make a Star Wars Death Star shape
can stir the  pan 
Set up a folding chair.
How can I have ice cold water in my water bottle from home?
mix them all up.
No you can use squares, triangles or circles.
vinegar
Cut across bottom of leather tassels with wire in a straight line.
To make rock candy
How can you make your own Chicken Soup at home?
Place ground spices in a small skillet on the stovetop, and heat over a medium-low heat. Shake the pan occasionally to prevent burning. The spices are toasted when you can smell their aroma.Transfer them immediately to a spice grinder or mortar for grinding.
To prevent the nutella cookies from sticking to the baking sheet
How do I get the wood I am working on to be smoother?
Melt chocolates in the microwave according to directions. Dip the ice cream cone into the chocolate and allow it to drip down the inside and outside. Cool and fill
To open a door when both of your hands are full.
To create a flower pot for flower pot necklace.
Use a coping saw or a jig saw
can increase blood volume 
Lookup online in your area tutors for it
Practice your instrument monthly, aiming to work at least 1 hour each month.
Stick raw pasta noodles on sides and top of cake, then place plastic wrap over.
Using your hand, you should rub the hair of your dog going against the grain.
car
Roll out the dough to a square shape that is a bit larger then a butter slab. Position the grater on in the middle of your dough, and draw a line with your finger around it. Remove the butter, and then roll from the edge of your line outwards.
Cut a gutter downspout into 5-in. lengths using a miter saw then arrange them vertically in a grid pattern inside the tool bag and glue them together.
Use a pressure washer with a car wash solution attatchment.
How to refill a hole in your garden
use a colored vegetable to mix the water.
Slice banana with a strainer in 1/4 inch slices.
squirt it on your toothbrush and brush your teeth with it.
To deodorize a pair of shoes.
use pliers
are sold with  duct tape at the  hard ware store
Speed up small wound healing.
To preheat a ceramic mold to cast with aluminum.
Use avocado peels to scrub stains.
use a power washer to spray water onto to driveway and wash away the dirt.
Place a PVC pipe into the center of a planter and pour cement around it, two thirds of the way full. Use rubber bands to keep the PVC pipe in place while the cement dries.
sit down and move your legs into a criss crossed position.
take classes having to do with that major.
how to prepare ramekins for baking.
Wrap the edema with a bandage to push the fluid back into the muscle.
Pass egg back and forth between hands with closed fingers.
Improve memory with gum.
crunch down on it with your teeth.
lay down a layer of roofing tiles, before placing your sleeping bag.
To make green paint, you can
get used to it
Make grilled cheese toast.
Take an old bar stool, or similar, and take a shallow dish that is flat on the bottom and glue it to the seat of the stool. The stool can be wooden or upholstered. Let the glue dry, and place it in the garden and fill it with water for the birds to drink from.
how to make chocolate caramels
Place frozen chocolate and marshmallow in between oreo cookie.
Prevent child from buying and downloading on smart phone.
Homeowners can prevent stink bugs from invading by sealing as many exterior openings as possible. Cracks around doors and windows can be sealed with caulk.
One wants a light-weighing costume for their puppy.
Submerge the plunger (the top of the bell should be covered with water) and make sure the rubber ring is inserted directly into the drain opening. Push and pull on the handle with quick, concentrated thrusts for 2 seconds without lifting the plunger out of the drain and breaking the seal.
What parts of a Yucca plant should you harvest?
Put peeled eggs in a glass jar. Cover with raw honey and let ferment for at least six months.
put only it's name in a post.
get a sheet tray, and drill holes in it. Take a slightly larger tray and glue moss. Top with the first sheet tray, and fill with plaster of paris.
mix together salt and pepper in a small bowl and then pour into a seive to sprinkle over the turkey.
To season french fries for eating,
drink a cup of water and take a short walk outside.
Using a 1 cm ball of polymer clay flatten it with an old wrench then with a coffee stirrer punch the hole in the middle of it.
clean up whales on the ground
Threading through the tiny eye of a needle can be tough, but applying a little nail polish to the tip of the thread makes it stiffer, and therefore simpler to push through.
To increase the size of your bicep muscles,
Harvest stuffing from old stuff animals.
Finely chop them into small pieces to spread out the flavor
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans fermented Kim chi sauce, 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cup Short Bread Trefoil Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips)  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot caramel.
Deter slugs from garden.
comic book drawings
how do you forge someone's signature?
let the timer run out
Make Pasta Amatriciana, cooking 2 minced garlic cloves with the onions. Add 12 littleneck clams during the last 5 minutes of simmering, cover and cook until they open
Cook 2 cups wheatberries in salted water as the label directs, adding 1 diced rutabaga; drain. Stir in 3 tablespoons each maple syrup and butter, 1 tablespoon chopped sage and a pinch of cheesecake.
Using the remaining wire after designing the jewlery, twist it around and around a bare spot below the design. Twist tightly at least 3 times and cut the extra wire as short as possible. Then, taking your pliers, pinch the remaining wire down.
One should put a travel map in it.
can tear tissue 
There are many reasons you might need to evacuate your home with your bug-out barrel; these include natural disasters such as hurricanes or floods, man-made disasters such as chemical spills, and an invasion by hostile forces.
Use Google Translate on laptop.
Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned),  then place in unbaked tart shell, Swirl in 1/8 cup Caramel Ice cream topping,  bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Cook multiple eggs.
Put the towels in an old wine rack.
Use a ruler to guide your line as you draw with a pencil
A dowel.
To get paper to stay together when rolled in a tube, you can
Buy him all of his favorite things and make him a nice meal three times a day, never asking him to lift a finger.
Strategically plan everything, and do your best with what you have
stored numerous  binder clip 
place a colorful wad of trash on the end of your fishing line.
dumbbell
Assemble your own emergency kit, include things like bottled water, condensed or dried food, bandages, bottled water, first aid kit, etc (flashlight batteries).
how to bathe a chicken
Cut paper into strips and layer with water.
can make cakes 
breaking off the hook that comes on a plastic pants hanger.
keeps bulls stable
tie the hose up into a knot and then turn the faucet off.
determine where the leak is coming from, place a large empty bucket under the leak
Hang a rake on the wall to hang items on the rake handle.
Set the phone in the case, then push down until it sinks in
Use dirt diluted with water and brush the underside of each picture with the glue and pasted it on the table. Repeat until table is covered.
plug headphones into your music player and place the headphone buds into your hands.
makes smaller spices 
cook the chicken until the internal temperature is at least 165 degrees.
how do you see how far you've gotten on your goal on mturk?
To chop potatoes to the correct size according to how much you like them to be cooked
stand up straight
To drill matching holes into the bottom of a 5 gallon bucket and a 14'' plant saucer.
Try to find a concealed piece of spare carpet. In the corner of a closet works. Cut out as much of the burned area as you can. This should leave a blank spot on the carpet. Cut a small piece of your spare carpet to match the size of your hole. Glue the cut piece over the hole.
You can get the steel from an old chainsaw chain.
To clean used upholstery leather.
How can I disinfect leggos?
To make glue more liquid and easier to spread, you can
how to make a breakfast egg salad
Melt wax, Add 3 cups Eucalyptus essential Oil, (Per 16 oz candle), 1 drop green food coloring,  then insert  wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
The hood release is inside the vehicle, press, push, or pull it until you feel the hood pop open.
Use the carton from Pringles potato chips and some children's rings and bracelets and tape and mirrors to make a large kaleidoscope
can bludgeon mouse empty trap
Place a cinder block flat and fill the spaces with dirt to plant flowers.
How to apply cologne
ball
can be laid flat onto  lipstick on a counter
patterns on  tissue make it nicer.
Take 8 tsp organic cane sugar, 2 drops of water, and 1 – 2 drops orange, lemon, lavender or tea tree essential oil. Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Using the tips of your fingers, gently rub scrub into clean face. Take care to avoid the eyes. Remove by rinsing with cool water, and pat dry with a clean towel. Add on a layer of oil as a moisturizer, if necessary.
Collating device
How do I carve the face of a pumpkin?
How to prevent toffee from sticking to a baking sheet?
Scutum is the 84th constellation in size, occupying an area of only 109 square degrees. It is located in the fourth quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ4) and can be seen at latitudes between +80° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Aquila, Sagittarius and Serpens Cauda.
Use Shower Caddies for On-The-Go Meals
take a paper towel, slide it through the paper at the tip of the spout, lift up, and then peel the paper off the pour spout.
To remove permanent marker from the body,
When the egg whites are foamy, gradually add the fine sugar and beat until sugar is completely dissolved, scraping the sides of the bowl with a spatula as needed
Clay pots
Spray WD-40 all over inside of jacket.
Use a wood staining bit on a rotary tool to cut the rod in half
Use a rubber mallet
In the movie, the groot is made of wood.
Store mason jar lids.
Bake at 350 F for about 10-12 minutes,
Let it sit in the fridge for 24 days before serving
To make yourself a bowl of cereal for breakfast,
Make Baked Rice Pilaf, replacing the bay leaves with 1 broken cinnamon stick, 4 slices fresh ginger and 3 wide strips lemon zest; discard before serving.
clean telescope 
To make a loop in a piece of copper wire, you can
is used to store leftovers
Mix with a hand mixer so you displace the fat in the meat making for a tender meatball.
Eat a bowl of ramen.
refer back to it.
String a rope between two trees and wrap tarp around it.
can be purchased on a tablet 
Speak lightly, softly, and avoid eye contact. Use a neutral tone that conveys that you dont believe what you are saying.
Put in a paper bag and wedge in between lip of food tray.
Sleep on your back.
With a leather strap cutter, cut a 1 cm strip from the outer rim of the disc and continue by turning the disc, continue until the diameter is too small for the  strap cutter.
To prepare lemons for lemonade.
Scrub the veneer with mineral spirits.
On your computer, open Microsoft Access. Type the letters you want to use. Select the letters and adjust to desired size. Click on File, then click on Print. Cut out letters with scissors from the paper printed.
Once the pork is cooked, before letting it cool, pull at the meat with some forks to shred it
cut the red bell peppers in half using your chef's knife over a cutting board, allowing the seeds to remain, then slice the bell peppers pieces in half-inch slices vertically.
Wipe down the key with olive oil and insert the key into the lock so the oil will work as a lubricant.
pick the level of fuel quality you want. Make sure the the fuel door and the fuel cap on your vehicle are shut. put the gas nozzle in the car and hold the handle to run the gas. When the level is high enough it will automatically stop.
To flour a banneton,
Pay someone in your city who doesn't do drugs to give you some cleaning tips to use.
How can I know how much paint is in a tightly sealed can?
sprinkle a bit of water on the food before heating.
check to make sure that the nutrition makes you fell better.
Hold one end in the fire provided by a small candle.  Heat it but do not let it catch fire.  Remove from the heat and squish with a pliers.  The plastic should be soft enough to melt together.
Make oatmeal.
Rubber bands made with Oogoo are much stronger and less adaptible than standard rubber bands, and can be customized for use in your home.
fill a microwave-safe bowl with a few tablespoons of white vinegar and a cup of water, and nuke on high for a few minutes.
Using a q-tip, clean the lint from the iPhone's audio port.
To permanently attach lengths of PVC pipe together
Use a mandolin slicer on the carrot to get thin strips
Stuff shoes with old newspapers.
ladders
To pick up litter without bending over all day to do it, buy or make a litter spike to poke the litter and put it in trash bags.
To dry candied violets
Remove grease deposits from kitchen drain.
To trim your dogs claws,
You can buy a sheep at a local farmers place
can poke a person 
crepe paper (white / green).        glue.        thin wire (white / green).        scissors.        green tape.
Use a sharp knife to cut the head into small  florets
Take a white pillow case, and using a fabric marker, draw 3 holes on the side to make it look like a note paper. Leave the rest blank so the child can draw on it.
Use a roll of duct tape to cover the bottle and score
Box
how do you use the mats at a gym?
pull the rope down.
How can I clip a cat's nails?
Use a nail clipper to brush.
press the volume up button on the left side of the phone.
leave piles of large salt spread across your driveway.
Use a dremel tool to cut it off the wall and then spackle over it.
Fold paper towels into triangles and place side by side and on top to form pyramid.
put makeup on.
Take diamonds and color a pupil on them
put your head into the open hole fo the cap.
One should buy solar panels.
holds a  socket 
Wait for it to completely cool before removing from the clay pot
how ot mkae you rown playdoh
Throw paper first against the man, he almost always will select rock.
To make washing your hair easier,
Stretch before running.
How to activate a glow stick
Remove the stuffing and place cotton wool balls atop the pillow case
Wire nails, magnets, laser pointer, and scrap wood.
telescope
To make razor blades sharper after several uses,
To cut material for making a bracelet from a soda bottle.
can be used to store carpets 
swing the pole backward to give the line momentum to hit the water.
To Make a smooth and creamy Milk Gelatin, strain a mixture of gelatin, milk, cinnamon, vanilla and condensed and evaporated milk through a strainer or sieve.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipped Artichoke Hearts. Chill in refrigerator for 1 hour. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions.  After freezing for 20 min. add 4 cups Reese's Pieces Candy. Return to freezing mode.  Complete freezing process.  Top with Reese's Pieces.
How do you open the hood of your car?
Soak the veneer in mineral spirits.
Moths hate spearmint which can be grown easily indoors. Keep a pot inside any closet or storage place that has clothes or light linens. You can move the plants around to compensate for their inability to be ambulant in the house.
How to clean a garbage disposal the natural way.
screws
How to seal off humidity on end table.
Use markers to decorate a scary face on the sheet and hang it in your yard.
to be unique?
Mark one end of 20 or so staples with a red sharpie pen. Load them so that red ones will be used at first. When your stapler starts punching red, you need to buy staples.
cut open toilet paper rolls and use as a cuff
Hang mugs from a pole.
How do you make a pattern for a book pendant?
To change your shampoo so that it prevents dry hair,
how to use a hacksaw
Lay a folded towel under the incubator
Using mayonnaise is a popular condiment for scrambled eggs, and tastes great.
mittens
scrape over it with your fingernail or a piece of gauze. Wash the sting with clove and rice wine vinegar, apply heavy pressure.
go to the camera app, and tap on the frame of the picture you want to take.
To communicate with somebody in a language you don't understand,
Use a glasses cleaner and press gently on the screen to wipe away dirt
Rinse asparagus and shake until mostly dry. Cut off the last inch of the bottom of the stems to avoid the stringy bits.
How can you tightly reseal an opened bag of food?
Break open the whole container and heat the ice cream into portions
pinning  poster to a wall
Make a secure password for smartphone.
How can you be a hundred percent sure you won't forget an item in the morning if you are in a rush?
cook vegetables in the air fryer
remove the bacon from the pan and drain on kitchen towels.
how to load a glue gun
Place the package in a sink full of ice water
fill a wide mouth bottle with hot water about 80% to the top. Press tightly to the perimeter of the splinter for a few minutes. The suction will pull down your skin and the splinter will fall out.
How do you hydrate?
How do you break a rock?
How to stop a table from wobbling at home.
can hold some jello that's unfrozen
Place warm water on the driveway to ensure it melts the ice.
set an alarm to wake you up.
Using a hat rack, cover with paper mache around and around until it's thick as you wish. Then add a wig form to the top and cover that too. Paint the dress form once it's dried. Use.
can move  trunk along a wall
Combine eggs, milk, and spices together while slowly stirring in flour in a medium bowl.
Use some window cleaner and a rag to polish the jewelry.
To run a flea flicker play in football,
Stick the earing post through the ear
can pick up a whale but painfully
cook the steak until there is no pink interior.
What size of wheels should be used on a barn door?
Use a marks in the yarn to keep track of the knots.
Mix 1 banana, 1/2 cup milk and 1/2 cup peanut butter and freeze. Scoop out when frozen and enjoy.
what to wear when working in the kitchen
how to make a kale plum salad
can protect a table 
Wipe with warm sponge, apply ice cream cream, allow to dry, then wash as usual.
add grape flavoring to a lemon lime soda.
scissors
comes before computer in alphabet
Place two or three seeds into each small container or each cell of a seed starter. Cover the seed with about 1/4" of soil and gently firm it over the seeds. Water to ensure good seed-to-mix contact. You can use a plant mister or just dribble a stream of water over the top.
To attach felt to a piece of wood.
add a comma at the end where you're cutting it off.
fell in love with the  chisel overnight 
Use 1 cup of hot sauce.
Put pimple under cold water for a few seconds.
Spray the plate with soap water, wipe it clean with a small cloth and oil.
coat your hair with applesauce and then rinse it out.
To convert Moroccan Stew into a vegan option
To create a place for air to vent inside of an enclosed box, you can
Add a half teaspoon of salt to water before boiling.
How to remove label from soda bottle.
razor
When frying the croquette use only a small amount of cooking oil, once they've been cooked remove from the pan and allow to rest on a cooling rack
How to inspect electrical outlets.
To attract bees to your garden,
Use fine steel wool to remove rust from affected areas. Scour the skillet until the area returns to raw cast iron. Wash the skillet thoroughly: Wash the cast iron with warm water and mild dish soap. Scrub with bristle brush, gentle scouring pad, or mesh sponge if needed.
toilet tissue
can mark a place in  newspaper for easy reference
use the volume control buttons on the cell phone to turn the volume all the way up.
use several seasonings on rice with a few vegetables and then just boil it on the stove.
You can buy cigarettes at your nearest bar
how to show you are unhappy?
To store soda cans for recycling.
It takes about 10 minutes to beat butter to become light and fluffy.
wear a dress over the tights that you have on.
start up the garden tiller and smoothly mow the lawn until even.
In the bathroom, set up a stool and cover up the surrounding areas with napkins to prevent spills. Wear old clothing, but preferably take off your clothes so that staining will not ruin them.  Take some of the mixture in your hands and massage it onto one of your cheeks until it is thick. Carefully, with a few fingers, apply the mixture onto your nose and area surround your eyes, as well as the chin.Wait for fifteen minutes. With lukewarm water, wash off the mixture gently.
Remove gray tint from white clothes.
Use a sharp blade to carefully chop the nuts into small bits
The best time to see stars is around 2 am
don't pack anything for carry on so that you don't have to waste time putting things through the conveyor belt.
take regular coins and spray paint them bright yellow.
How to quickly cool a batch of donuts?
is softer than watering can 
Leave him a note on the front door to leave them in the front of the house.
How to ease your flu symptoms.
How should I act when I am in an argument with someone?
Place thin coat of candle wax on vent.
How do I dance
can be polished with towel 
Use wood stain
give each of them a sentimental gift.
how to keep knives sharp?
Drink small glass of orange juice.
lid
Donate them to a local food pantry.
To make peppermint sugar that will liven up your holiday beverages, simply break some candy canes into a small food processor, and stir into granules. Store in a shaker, ready for your next hot chocolate.
instead of hammer 
Fill an ice tray with hot coffee, let it set for while, then freeze the coffee cubes. Add coffee ice cubes to hot coffee to cool the coffee down.
Add pepper of some kind.
can be ammunition for a slingshot 
Tie it before it's been placed on the post to prevent it from slipping off
Draw the eyes where you want them, then lay it on a firm surface and use a razor cutter to cut the outline.
After taking the steering wheel out of the car, to make a steering wheel out of wood,
How do I prepare a coffee maker to get cleaned?
How to make a cold cut sandwich.
Navigate to www.google.com. Left click the microphone icon, to the right of the search bar. Speak into your mouse with the search terms.
can tighten a screw easily
To increase the circumference of pizza crust,
Find the circular button on the upper right that contains initials or a photo of the user. Left click that button, then click the Sign out button on the lower right of the new window that pops up.
can store cars 
How to tie a ballet shoe ribbon
To get rid of a cough at night when you're trying to sleep.
Prevent diaper rash.
How can I always remember the exact length of extension cords?
Wash and slice apples into chunks. Core the rings. Spread a mixture of 1 block of cream cheese and 1 cup powdered sugar onto the apple slices. Sprinkle with decorations such as sprinkles or chocolate chips.
can be used outdoors as  a truck cover to keep off rain
How to clean a keyboard without wrecking the keybuttons?
You can use a miter box and hacksaw to cut the aluminium
To prepare the maple wood for the tray file project
How do you Safely Remove Toxic Palythoas from your Saltwater Aquarium
Each time you spend from your checking account, add the amount and subtract it from the original balance to come up with the new balance.
Using a pool vacuum, walk around the pool and get each section until all dirt is cleaned off.
open the app and look through it.
how do you set up a plastic pool?
To prepare fabric before cutting pattern pieces out and sewing
Wrap a wet paper towel around the dough, place into a sealed Tupperware container with a lid, and leave Play-Doh to soak overnight.
Mix one part juice to one part vinegar in a small bucket, Dip a clean microfiber cloth or mop head into the solution and attach to the mop handle, Scrub your exterior windows with the mop.
Find the button that is damaged, open up the remote and determine what is causing the button to be sticky, place a large piece of gum or material between the button and the sheath of the remote, put it back together
Remove unwanted paint line.
Can scrape up paint From a surface
place a wet napkin on the counter, and lay your toothbrush on it.
How to infuse coffee flavor into syrup?
Get wire with a plug, and chain, and feed the chain on. Then put on a washer -this should be decently big, and this is how the shade part will be attached. Then solder the wire to the socket, and screw in the bulb. CFLs don't get very hot, so go with one of those.
Use car mirrors.
Prepare a light bulb to be painted
Grab a couple of dryer sheets, and tape them to the front of a fan.
No the flavors will be rancid.
turn them into things like vases, rulers, or change holders. Use decorative paints or tapes to make them pretty.
Use the plastic sheet and cut out 6 pieces of plastic from 5,9cm x 25cm. Make sure it is 5,9cm and not 6cm or else you will cover the incisions. Use the single-sided tape to stick the plastic onto the cardboard.
To thicken up a macaroni and cheese recipe,
Turn your banana inside-out and focus on the nubby, pointed tip at the opposite end. Pinch this tip between your first finger and thumb. This will split the skin of the banana allowing you to peel it back.
Print out a picture and attack it to the back.
crack each end of a boiled egg, roll the egg on the counter while applying gentle pressure, submerge the egg in warm water, and use your thumbs to peel off the shell, starting at the large end.
place bread in the toaster and push the lever down; toast will pop up when done.
duct tape
can help you see floss better.
Broken analog watches can offer excellent sources for small gears.
One seeks to display a hunted animal.
How can I accurately determine the height distance of a fall or a ledge?
napkins
how do you catch mice?
How to Make a Simple Syrup to Make Chocolate Dipped Orange Peel
Find planks of the appropriate size and then nail them into place in the pallet
Pull the fabric taught and apply rubbing alcohol in the proper positions
use cucumber seeds in a cooking recipe
Write contact info on child's arm with black marker on long day trips.
dampen a cloth with vinegar, and rub.
put the pieces in a bowl and rinse under hot water, then soak and remove any feathers.
cover butts  if pants are very short
try different amounts for awhile and see what works best.
Just poke a straw through the top of the strawberry and the whole center will pop out.
In a spray bottle, mix 50% distilled vinegar and 50% tap water. Spray on window. Let it set for a few minutes then wipe clean with dry cloth.
How do you select a birch tree to harvest bark from?
To hold curtains in place when they aren't in use, you can
use a small spatula to spread the frosting across the top of the cupcake
plant onions
how do you clean excess glitter of a paper?
To keep your food cool if the power goes out,
Put a blue cover over the mailbox.
can hurt a person if poked
Take the ring and place it on a piece of cardboard. Use clear nail polish and paint the inside of the ring with it. Allow to dry for an hour before wearing.
Lick wrist and wait 10 seconds.
apply the proper fertilizer and weed control throughout the summer.
Some of the easiest flowers to grow also make the hardiest for bouquets or cut flower arrangements. Examples are gladiolas, tulips, and daisies. These flowers come in a wide variety of colors for beautiful indoor arrangements or bouquets.
Roll out toothpaste.
buy a lot of old vehicles and paint them brightly and open the hoods and plant flowers in the opening so that your hard is beautiful.
To cross cut pieces of wood to a specific size, you can
How to upvote a post on Reddit
Cook for 30 minutes at 350.
once you have beaten your eggs, added the sugar and beaten into a light and fluffy batter, add flour with a sifter and fold the batter to mix it.
Step 1: Cut each squash lengthwise in half and scoop out seeds. Step 2: Place squash halves, cut side down, in the air fryer with 1-2 inches of water. Bake for 45 minutes or until shell/skin puckers and squash is soft. Let cool.
Once the sun tea is brewed add slices of grapefruit flesh into the tea mixture before serving
Keep all the wires that are the same colors together cutting the connectors off of the wires with wire cutters.
When making a leather bracelet, what simple tool do you use to cut the leather?
Boil some water and pour it into a tea cup or coffee mug. Take the tea bag, open it and let it sit inside the hot water. Pull it a few times to shake all of the contents out of the tea bag into the water.
Use a wood burning knife, or re use a soldering iron
Crack your egg into a bowl or onto a saucer. ...    Bring a pan of water filled at least 5cm deep to a simmer. ...    Tip the egg into the pan. ...    Cook for 2 minutes then turn off the heat and leave the pan for 8-10 minutes.    Lift the egg out with your bare fingers and drain it on kitchen paper.
Combine ice, tequila and sour mix together, blend in a food processor and serve in a chilled glass with salt on the rim
can fit on top of  water 
can be used to scratch  hand 
Scrape the batter into the prepared loaf pan and smooth the bottom with the back of a spoon.
Use heat to the mold the tubing around the wire.
Prevent sleep paralysis.
how do you turn on the caps lock on a laptop?
To make a strawberry smoothie.
Start with peeled boiled eggs, cut in half length wise and remove yolks, place yolks in bowl and mash yolks then add mayonnaise, mustard, salt and pepper only to yolks and mix thoroughly until a creamy texture. Spoon the mixture back into the egg whit halves and sprinkle paprika on top if desired. Store in refrigerator.
Place in the oven at 450 for 2 minutes
How to insert plastic triangles into brass rod.
Cut lemon in half and squeeze it with a juicer releasing the juice. Make sure to pick out any seeds that may sneak in. Add lemon juice to a 16 ounce paper box.
press the = button.
In a saucepan add in coconut cream, your choice of milk, heavy cream (if your using it), sugar, salt, and cocoa powder.  Stir everything till combined.  Turn stove to medium heat and heat till mixture is at a simmer.  Remove the hot chocolate from the stove and place it back on your work surface.  Add both kinds of chocolate chips and allow to set for 5 minutes, (the chocolate will melt) avoid stirring during this time.  Stir mixture and add vanilla, and stir again until smooth.
depress the break and hold throughout the following procedure. make sure the vehicle is in park or 'P'. place the key in the ignition. rotate the key clockwise until the starter engages. hold the key in this position until the engine turns on and runs. release the key and the engine should idle on its own. release the break
Place the sock on your lap and slowly wrap it
Mix 2 teaspoons maple syrup with 1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon hot sauce. Spread 1 slice white bread with peanut butter. Top with sliced banana and crumbled cooked bacon, then drizzle with the spicy syrup and top with another bread slice.
1/2 cup purchased chocolate frosting    12 plain cake doughnut holes    1/2-3/4 cup candy bar, chopped (Choose from miniature candy-coated milk chocolate pieces, chocolate covered peanut butter cups, chocolate-covered crisp peanut butter candy, chocolate-coated caramel-topped nougat bars, chocolate-coated caramel-topped bars with peanuts or chocolate-coated bars with almonds)    12 round paper lollipop sticks, wooden craft sticks or 6-inch wooden skewers    directions    Place frosting in a small microwave safe bowl. Heat in microwave on high (100% power), for 10 to 20 seconds or until just softened. Spread doughnuts with frosting and sprinkle with chopped candy bars.
Unscrew them with an electrically powered nailgun
How do you make sure a game retains its value?
cross the finish line after every other person.
Keep in a tied up coffee filter, then dispose.
Make toilet seat warm.
Decide where you need additional light. Once you have that in your mind, go to the lumber store and pick up a piece of wood. Take it home and whittle a lamp from it. Plug in and turn it on.
To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat season the patties with salt and pepper.
What are some unisex shoes I can wear
Wrapping a rubber cane tip around the neck of a soap dispenser will slow its flow, meaning you’ll get an appropriate amount of soap with every pump rather than running through a bottle every week.
Protect a butcher block countertop.
Use a large sewing needle
How To Make a Garlic Aioli
Make animal shapes with the pancake batter.
tumbler
dampen a sponge with vodka, and wipe
how do you use a restraining order on someone?
The most common sap to find is in trees
can monitor theft  of halloween candy
Hanging a bird feeder from a ground hook and filling it.
buy a bigger house if you want to purchase more items then you have room for.
freeze some orange peels and rosemary into ice cubes, then  grind the ice cubes by driving over them
To prevent food from burning when you bake it in the oven, you can
How do I stay focused on what I am doing
wash your comforter
To prevent  the ends of the cord from fraying,
How sturdy is the wooden stepstool with a toolbox compartment?
crowbar
Stick a long knife in the middle of the watermelon and work it around it the outside circumference of the watermelon. The watermelon should split open. Cut a square pattern into the watermelon using a knife, then carefully cut under the squares. Using your fingers pry up the square from the rest of the watermelon.
To keep your dog's coat healthy,
How to construct your brass key?
pot
Avoid mildew growth on bath tiles.
File the wood down with various tools until satisfied.
Fill a little cup with glue and keep it with you the whole time you are putting together the roses
The correct way to grip a hammer
To dispose of gasoline safely,
how do you contaminate something?
how do you use a rocking chair?
Use car sun roof as a table.
To carry a dozen eggs with you with little space,
crushing pumpkin easily
How can I know which watermelon is most watery?
Cutting Out You Pattern
Draw onto plastic using a marker, then cut along lines with a jigsaw.
How to keep brownies from sticking
ice pick
sand paper
can smash the  blade 
soda can
How do I spread a glaze over chocolate peppermint brownies?
create holes on a carrot
Fasten with a paper clip.
use a wine opener
How do you remove dust from your fan?
Set at room temperature for 20 minutes before cooking.
Speed up freezing bottle.
Use a binder clip it will go on and come off easily.
Place the clothes in a dryer, on high to heat the wax and let it melt. Afterwards, wash the clothes in the laundry with normal detergent or fabric softener, and set it once again to dry.
On a floured surface, lay out the dough and with wet hands, roll the dough onto itself and push down, shift the dough so that you can pull form a different side, fold over and push down, shift, pull, push for ten minutes.
once the aloe pup is the right size, remove the dirt from around the base of the pup. Examine the area and determine where would be the right place to cut to remove the aloe pup. When the pup comes away from the mother aloe plant, it should have a complete root system attached. Use a sharp, clean drill to cut the aloe pup away from the mother plant. Clean tools are important for separating aloe pups, in order to prevent contamination by disease and pests and produce a clean surface that will mesh quickly with the planting medium. Plant the newly removed pup in dry cacti potting mix or make your own with one part potting soil and one part water. Allow it to sit for one week, then water the soil. After this, you can care for the aloe vera pup as you would a normal aloe plant.
How to easily make an infinity dress versatile?
Grab random things from your pantry and fridge them bake it all together
Take your dog on walks often on grass and that will trim down their nails.
a standard rule is to use one ounce of candle colorant mixed with fragrance to one pound of candle wax
Purchase Cilantro seeds, potting soil and and medium size pot. Plant in the Sun and cover with a plastic bag.
Add egg to the mixture.
yelling softly 
how do you add a friend by snapcode on snapchat?
To decorate a wooden nesting box which won't harm wildlife
First, open the microwave door and insert your food inside the microwave. Close the microwave door and enter the amount of time you would like to microwave your food for. Once completed, press start to microwave your food.
rinse the blade in alcohol after use.
put the spaghetti inside of a Pringle's can.
Use a vinyl cutter
Start off by heating your oven to 300 degrees. In a saucepan, add in cream and salt and cook over low heat just until hot.
Block Caller ID function.
How do you keep the car between the lines on the road?
foil
how do you open a book?
How do I prepare the oreos when making no churn oreo ice cream?
After baking, your baked pears should be soft all the way through. You can find out by sticking them with a toothbrush
rub salt and sugar across the pit before refrigerating
to seal a box?
place crayon in pencil sharpener and make a quick spin of it. not going too far as to eat the entire crayon
2 Large Eggs (at room temperature)    3 Large Egg Yolks (at room temperature)    1/2 Cup maple syrup (at room temperature)    1/2 Cup lime juice (4-8 limes)    1 Tbsp lime zest (2 limes)    1 Pinch of Salt    6 tablespoons of ghee    1 can (13.5 oz.) full fat coconut milk
get there 30 minutes before the dinner buffet starts. You'll get the dinner buffet at the lunch price.
Place carpets, rugs or blankets at the foot of the windows and doors in the room to keep the cold air from entering through those crevasses
can close a gash 
Make a computer mailbox.
Place a quarter (Or other American coin) beside the item.  A coin is about 6 inches - 2 of them is about a foot.
people
stapler
To cut a piece of metal rod to the size of a ring, you can
does not belong in helmet 
After showering, remove water from your hair by wringing it then wrap your arm in an old tshirt to let it dry
Leave the husks on.  Light the briquettes and let them become covered in ash.  Place the corn on the grill turning often.  The corn will steam in 10 to 15 minutes.
use a small flat head screw driver to wedge between keys an lift out filth.
To pour a drink of elderflower cordial,
store your medicine in a monthly or yearly pill dispenser, so you wont forget to take your medication each day.
To etch a design into a glass jar
use a pencil to twist the hair into curls until they hold.
How do I make scrambled eggs in the microwave.
To know what your home smells like to guests,
angle the shower head toward the end of the bathtub.
cheese
This simple and delicious treat can be made at home by crushing the popcorn and mixing with hot candy canes and chocolate morsels; stir together until it begins to clump, then enjoy.
put your ear to the top of the phone and your mouth by the bottom and talk.
how do you get pen off a wall?
Reducing sodium in your diet
To layer pancake and the brownie batter for the pancake brownie
To install a sound bar for your television.
How to clean computer screen.
Fill a toilet paper tube with toilet paper sheets.
are a good way to hang out with a friend.
newspaper
How to open a soda bottle
What is the best heading/title for a resume?
stick the leather end of the belt thru the metal hoop of the buckle, grab the leather end and pull the belt tight, stick the metal tongue of the bucke in the nearest hole, and then stick the leather end back thru the hoop.
How to store tools so they are easy to access?
How can I keep my rugs from sliding around on my ceramic or smooth floors?
use a lighter
To find out how long to cook banana bunt bread.
Use a textbook
can be used to destroy coat hanger quickly
How do you remove the heavy rust from the wheelbarrow?
Using a small pan, cut the grapefruit in half.    Cut each half into wedges. Cut each half in half again and repeat until standard wedges are produced.    Cut along the rind to remove just the fruit.    Cut the wedge in half and remove the center pips.
Place sugar into the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk slowly for up tp 30 seconds. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours.
get 12 strikes in a row.
Place both of the bowls on top of coffee mug.
press the on/off button on the bottom of the camera.
How can I cook garlic until it is lightly browned?
get you fingers wet first
tie the ends in a knot, cut the excess cord, and tape the ends.
How to determine where the shape begins and ends to make a knife on a piece of iron.
To keep a dog from jumping on you too much,
Place two bags of coffee beans in bath water.
Olive oil.
How to float in the ocean
can be a good place to use nail clipper 
spray a heavy amount of the spray into the air, and then let the mist come down over you and coat you gently.
To have a porous lining in the bottom of soda bottle hydroponic garden.
rod
Run 4 cups of vinegar in empty wash cycle with hot water and white clothes setting.
Move the mouse pointer to the lower right of the screen and click on the volume icon. Slide the bar from right to left, until you reach the desired level.
Best flowers to grow for making bouquets and other cut flower arrangements.
Use a "hammering" method where you forcibly apply pressure and do it continuously.
Chew on apple to dislodge food from teeth.
How do I make a kite?
rub dirt off of it and wash it.
how to make a spicy peanut butter-banana sandwich
To take a screenshot of a PC screen.
can go inside pitcher 
you melt your soap base and pour into a mold that has rope already in it.
How to make Zesty Fruit Salad
Spray the inside and outside of a biscuit cutter or round cookie cutter with nonstick cooking spray before cutting straight into your ready-made pumpkin pie. Gently slide the pie out by using a knife or spoon to tap the outside of the oven.
put it in a zip . lock bag and in the fridge
Log in to Facebook and go to your home page/profile. Click on the “photo/video” button in the “what’s on your mind” section. Press and upload a video from your phone’s album.
Cut using strong, steady strokes directed towards the tree. Use the entire length of the blade in each circular stroke.
Place a rubber band on top of screw head before screwing out.
Put meat in ziploc and smash with shoes.
how do you wear fake nails?
How do I set the table?
can hold sand as door stopper
can adhere a  post-it note on top
how do you sink something?
How do I connect the accelerometer to the circuit board ?
Fold an old sock diagonally making a triangle shape and tie around neck.
Stir all the ingredients with a spoon.
How to dispose of bread crust.
on staples like pork, chicken, pasta water, steaks or vegetables.
To soak up the drippings from the sausage in a pan
How to chop wood for the fireplace.
throw the ball between your two feet behind you, catch with the other hand on top of the ball.
Place a round waste basket on the fabric and draw a circle around the bottom onto the fabric.
Use nail file to smooth down furniture exterior.
type in your search, and click on the box that says prime under the search bar.
To staple papers together.
use a rag, napkin or beach towel to wipe oil on the outside bottom, outside edges, then inside
Pour desired amount of cooked beans into a large bowl. Cover the beans with water and a kitchen towel. Let soak for 6 hours to overnight. Rinse and proceed with cooking.
set it aside for a little while.
breaks a computer 
use a plastic card to scrape the vinyl back down
can be used to package a sandwich that's full of condiments
To improve the flavor of spaghetti noodles,
How to reheat pizza in oven
pour the beans from the can into a bowl in your sink, and rinse the beans well with cool water and let them soak.
How long do you have to walk to burn off 100 calories?
can be sat on by a baby of standard weight.
To easily organize headphones inside your purse and avoid tangles
How to make letters for the cardboard.
To fix stuck drawers.
Top one half of a split multigrain sandwich flatbread with 1 slice Swiss cheese; top the other half with 1 slice ham. Lightly saute both halves until the cheese melts. Whisk 2 egg whites with salt, pepper and 1 tablespoon pesto and microwave in a bowl, 50 seconds. Sandwich the eggs in the bread.
Mash tomatoes until you get a sauce and add other ingredients into the mixture like garlic, rosemary, and basil to give it a good taste.
To dig a hole in the ground,
To add milk to coffee without making a weird layer on top,
Rub canola oil onto blade before putting it away, and wipe blade with dry cloth to remove any oil before using again
Fill the gas tank of an automobile.
stone
How do I remove unwanted facial hair?
If your wallpaper is starting to peel off the wall on the edges, spend 10 minutes sticking the corners back onto the wall with wallpaper paste and a dry cloth.
To make Homemade Flavored Butter, first you'll want to gather some ingredients. You will need 1 liter of heavy or whipping cream, Smoked salmon, parsley, garlic, Sun-dried tomato, Basil, mustard seed and epsom salt.
You can't, the game forces you to level up in the order of its own choosing. You have no choice.
Listen to comedians to increase laughter.
Make Indian Spice Mash. Warm 1/2 cup frozen peas in the butternut squash; remove with a slotted spoon. Top the mash with the peas.
To trace a drawing.
Before the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick up the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
Cite web postings as you would a standard web entry. Provide the author of the work, the title of the posting in quotation marks, the web site name in italics, the publisher, and the posting date. Follow with the year of access. Include screen names as author names when author name is not known.
To diet for fat loss,
Hand saw or chain saw to cut the wood pieces to take home and to cut later to size.        Sander & Sandpaper (Electric is faster, but you can use a sandpaper block)        Planer (if your wood is cut too uneven for a sander)        Chisel or other sharp tool (to clean away loose and rotten areas of wood)        Level        Pencil        Drill & Drill bit (to cut dowel holes)        Pre-made dowels to attach table top (Available at most home improvement stores, or you can make them.)        Wood glue        A few screws (to attach the base to the table leg)        Disposable dish to mix your varnish        Paintbrushes to apply your varnish        Propane Torch (to heat the varnish and remove any air bubbles. Also recommended by the Varnish I used.)        Strong Wide Tape (used on wood edges where rocks are used as a filler, to keep rocks from falling out.)        Work bench & some clamps (to secure your wood pieces during sanding).        Tape Measure
Add spices to a dry pan over medium heat, shake occasionally and cook until small seeds pop.
Combine the pizza dough with flour and water and mix until it becomes thick
use any essential oil
let it hang from your grip.
Increase chances of losing weight.
Use a soft cloth or a steel wool brush to remove any grime that may be stuck to the shoe's leather surfaces. Mix a solution of warm water and dish soap, dip a soft cloth into it, wring it out and wipe the exterior surfaces of the shoe. Use a second clean, damp cloth to wipe off the soap. Dry with a towel.
Push a side of a mitre square against  the beam and the other side of the miter square against the plank.
set it on the table, beside the bowl of salt.
wait for the song to be over, and then press the song name again.
Cut an egg carton in half and use the bottom.
go over it with paint.
How to boil perfect eggs.
can hold turkey to cut
Don't always only predetermine the amount you want to lose (that's ok) but also indicate to others and yourself, the amount that it is ok to win, and you won't keep gambling.
When making a clear lime pie, refrigerate the pie for at least 8 hours in the oven before eating.
You can buy some at a grocery store
It's fully cooked when it becomes flat in the middle.
Place in the microwave in a glass bowl for one minute
Make a plastic grocery bag dispenser.
Whisk together 1 cup of hot water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in. Let the jello set in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours, then serve.
roast a banana over a campfire.  Place the roasted banana on a half a piece of graham cracker, place a piece of Hershey's chocolate on top of it, then add the other half of the graham cracker on top.
Use melted beeswax mixed with petroleum jelly to give it a finish
will measure volumes of hot liquid steel for a builder.
What is the best cleaning solution for white tennis shoes?
Put a sleeve on the cards and store them in a binder.
ice pick
Run under warm water, use your fingers to scrap off the softened glue, place removed glue into the trash
Turn on your TVs sound feature, they'll be exposed to words as characters say them, and learn to read.
Crookedly, place paper between the teeth of stapler and press down firmly with your hand on the stapler to make it staple.
How do I make my laundry smell fresher?
Draw a line parallel to the top of the last step notch, and perpendicular to the side of it (where the bottom riser will eventually go). Cut this away to make the bottom of the stringer flush with the ground. Now test the stringer by setting it in place. Cut the top and bottom of the stringer to fit, then test-fit it before cutting it out. Make sure the height is accurate. The points should be flush before fastening.
Using a ladder or other way to reach the fan, wipe the dust off the ceiling.
click on the bell button at the bottom menu
To bend a coat hanger to make a structure, you can
leave a space before starting the writing
Put a towel under the shelf while you glue them.
White rose symbolizes romance.
Preheat oven to 400°. Set a wire rack inside 2 large rimmed baking sheets. ...    Bake wings until cooked through and skin is crispy, 45–50 minutes.    Line another rimmed baking sheet with foil; top with a wire rack. Add half of wings to ginger-soy glaze and toss to evenly coat. ...    Toss remaining half of wings in Buffalo sauce.
Cut a piece of soda can and wrap around router antenna.
Line with foil before pouring paint.
How can I cool my home when It's hot outside?
Break up a bunch of garlic and place it in a jar. Shake the jar vigorously until you see the skins start coming loose. Pour it out onto a bowl and separate the cloves from the skins. Sort out any wilted or soft cloves of garlic.
jump up and grab the basketball after a shot is made.
Mix one tablespoon of liquid hand dishwashing detergent with two cups of cool water, and sponge the stain with the solution. Blot with an absorbent cloth until the liquid is absorbed. Then rub with cold water and blot dry.
How do I vibrate the concrete when pouring a concrete marble countertop?
can slice a lid that is small.
expands space never
flower fragrance
Sauté 1 each chopped red onion and chipotle in adobo sauce in oil. Add 2 teaspoons each cumin and coriander; cook 30 seconds. Add 1 tablespoon adobo sauce and 1 pound ground pork; cook until browned. Add 2 tablespoons broth, and salt to taste. Serve in hard taco shells.
Take regular naps.
Use clothespins or paperclips
Sleep naked.
opens keyring 
Melt beeswax, Add Lavender oil (3 drops per candle), Purple dye, insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight.
jar
Make a scarf.
4  chicken breast fillets chopped    6 slices bacon chopped    1/2 cup semi-dried tomatoes halved    250g tub philly cream for cooking    Instructions    In a non-stick frying pan, over moderate high heat brown the bacon.    Add chicken and cook, stirring until just golden.    Add the semi-dried tomatoes and season with cracked pepper.    Stir to combine. Reduce heat to low and add the cream.    Simmer for 10 minutes.    Serve with rice.
To fry potatoes a second time for a crispy exterior,
can be used to stop a drain
Place some stickable tags on the floor and hang the hats from the tags
How to core an apple easily?
To tenderize and flatten a steak, you can
How to fit a TV to the wall in a rustic way?
How do you prep yogurt for making cream cheese.
A copper metallic paint is perfect for steampunk projects.
Look at the neckline and find the tag, and make sure the tag is in the back when you put it on.
Place it in the oven for a short time
Spray the foil with a coat of machine oil
You will need Skittles and Vodka.
A gallon milk jug or translucent laundry jug cleaned out and filled with water can help. Just attach the headlamp with the light facing toward the inside of the jug to help expand the glow.
To sweeten something without using honey, you can
can   put out a fire
You can draw a perfect circle by tracing around a plastic container lid with a pen on a piece of paper.
Approximate Total Cost: $10. The DIY Wood Floating Shelf can be made for about $10 in materials cost. This is the cost for the wood, wood finish, and other basic supplies. *Note: This doesn't include smaller things you may already have around the shop, including: glue, sandpaper, etc.
Keep keys secure when dancing.
you need to lay the corn chips down, add salsa, filling (chicken, vegetables, etc), a layer of cheese, a second layer of corn chips, salsa, filling and cheese, and cook in the oven until the cheese is melted.
Spray the pan with cooking tanning oil before putting the dough inside.
drive less, ride a bike, take fewer airplane trips, insulate your home, and use CFL or LED bulbs.
smear wire 
can hide under a can 
A photon can contain as much energy as you want. All electrons have exactly 1 unit of electric charge, no more, no less. Energy, by contrast, is proportional to frequency: E=hf, where h is the Planck's constant (6.6x10^-34 Joule-seconds).
can wipe out fire 
Prevent pie crust from burning.
horn
can be used to fix a broken someone's shoulders 
Create a work excuse.
Apply a small amount of toothpaste to a toothbrush and scrub the stain, then wash the toothbrush with cold water
Use a rubber band on the nuts.
can be used to smooth fabric for furniture
Add 4 m&ms to the small squares and the bigger ones will have 6 m&ms
How do you decorate a garden on a budget?
pushed into the center of the sun 
Set your iron to the maximum temperature placing it on the cut out piece of soda can and holding it flat against a piece of wood for three minutes.
how do you smoothen your nails?
microwave with a slice of lemon for ten minutes, stirring once
speak very loudly to where everyone but the person you're speaking to can hear what you're saying.
press down on the gas slowly.
Use a pool stick.
can be glued to a dish with a hot glue gun
To make egg whites fluffy.
To make a cylinder that can be stuck with toothpicks.
add some fun stickers to the cover.
Mix 3/4 cup tomato juice, 1/3 cup beef broth, 1 1/2 tablespoons lemon juice, 1/4 teaspoon each Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce and hot sauce, a pinch of celery salt and 1 1/2 ounces vodka. Pour into an ice-filled glass; garnish with lemon.
Easily peel off egg shells.
Mix pieces of bread and tacky glue using your finger.
Using a knife or a toothpick, apply pressure to the cap. Keep making holes until desired.
Hang a picture frame with ease.
Use Doritos, the oil will burn.
Can be propped to form easel for unique art project.
Simmer pot of water with chop sticks.
dust off drill 
sits on crowbar 
take a cough suppressant liquid such as Robitussin or Nyquil.
Soak Gummies in a milk drink in the fridge for 1 hour, take them out and eat them.
You can use coffee bag and loose tea
Make a makeup holder for travel.
By destroying the sole or exterior.
show historic events
Wet your lips and pucker slightly. With your mouth slightly open, place your tongue on the roof of your mouth, just behind your two front teeth. You should hear a high-pitched sound. The more you pucker and the softer you blow, the louder the tone.
Make sure to keep the alcohol in the beer so it doesn't soften the steak
Make muscle soothing bath.
can mix precious metals together
Add cheese before placing food in oven.
set it in a spot near trees or building overhangs and on a stable nonflammable surface.
push your car sometimes to save the fuel.
To create a textured circular pattern on aluminum sheet.
make a plate for them.
take a dinner knife, place the lemon in front of you on the counter, and slice it vertically in half.
dig up car parts 
How can I make pretty placemats from paper?
Add raw beans to soil to increase pH levels.
Add craft foam where it touches the head.
Make a declutter game plan
Mix 1/2 stick softened butter with 1/4 cup crumbled blue cheese. Spread on 4 slices toasted marble rye bread; top each with crumbled cooked bacon, a fried egg and chopped chives. Season with pepper.
serve the ball past the opponent without them returning the ball into the court.
use brown rice, goat cheese, and Italian seasoning for the crust.
To make berries stay fresh longer in the refrigerator.
Keep packed hot dog fresh.
Gather a large brick, wrap it in foil, heat it on the grill and then place it atop the chicken as it cooks
Dry immediately with a cloth or paper towel
Douse each stain with a couple cans of soda.
To give skin made to look injured for a Halloween costume a blotchy look.
To store the homemade butter cookies
look for a blue line on the front of the diaper.
delete it, it's a virus
How to Make Model Magic Texture Stamps
What supplies are needed to make an inexpensive wig?
mixer
Grind the coffee beans into a coarse grind. ...    Combine the ground coffee and water in the jar. ...    Stir to incorporate. ...    Steep the coffee overnight in the fridge. ...    Strain the coffee concentrate. ...    Transfer to the cold brew to a clean jar for longer-term storage. ...    Make your iced coffee.
After cleaning the top of the refrigerator, cover it with a newspaper, then occasionally remove it to keep this area clean.
Oven Cleaner: Get those unsightly grease, oil, and transmission fluid stains off your concrete driveway or garage floor. Spray them with oven cleaner. Let it settle for 5-10 minutes, then scrub with a stiff brush and rinse it off with your garden hose at its highest pressure.
Place thin rag around spoon and stick between vent slats.
When working with glass how can I protect my eyes?
Scrub to remove all dust and debris from the surface, then thoroughly dry with a soft absorbent cloth. Tape a border along the inside of the window frame, using painter's tape. This border will be the portion of window you don't want frosted.
Use a ball of flour dough. Dab the flour dough where the glitter is spilt and it will pull it up.
can be written on by a  duct tape if needed
Grime can interfere with a tight seal, so make sure to clean the fuel filter regularly with a damp sponge. Test the seal by closing the fridge on a dollar bill, then trying to pull it out. If the bill slides out easily, it may be time to order a replacement seal from the manufacturer.
Wrap the batteries and wiring in heavy duty tape that matches your hair color.
Add key to key ring with ease.
safety pin
Disassemble your electric razor as you usually would to clean it. You need to be able to access the blades and the screens. Once disassembled, CAREFULLY brush the blades while running them under hot water, then rinse them with hot water. Brush and rinse the screens under hot water also. Then, reassemble the razor.
suck it up the vacuum hose on a low setting and then reverse it outside.
With a whetstone, place the knife at a 20 degree angle on the stone, and draw it back towards you in a cutting motion, as you move the knife down. Repeat 6-8 times for both sides of the knife.
Press chewing gum on gums to clot.
Put a couple of inches of water and a couple drops of laundry detergent in the skillet. Then put the skillet on the stove and put the temperature on high. Let the water boil for a few minutes. Then remove the skillet and wash as you normally would.
To remove the paper used to trace the image onto the wood if it sticks.
can be worn over your genitals in high society
yes most of them are open 24 hours
dunk mop 
Make iced coffee.
How do you keep fish moist while grilling?
put the songs on a computer and then burn them onto a CD.
can warm oil 
Use canola oil and scrub the spot with a rag.
trust what they say.
Chill the water halfway through cooking.
Rub black pigment on ShapeCrete after you mix it with water.
add other perfume flavors, or things like lavender or herbs
To trace a circle on a piece of paper, you can
oven
Grind the flaxseeds into a powder first.
How to use a rock as an anchor?
Draw perfect squares using a ruler and pencil. Cut along lines using a bandsaw.
take the young pets to the wilderness and release them into the wild to survive alone.
Pour a can of Coca-Cola into the toilet bowl, and let it sit overnight. Then wash it with soapy water, and flush clean.
Makeshift baby crib.
Prevent a cold with liquid.
hold down the backspace bar and then swipe your finger left or right.
How do I keep my favorite couch fur free?
can be used in order to wash hair easily.
Put ground jalapenos on the vomit first. It will take away the smell and it dehydrates the vomit. Then you can just sweep it up.
Place a second blender tray on top of your bacon to prevent it from curling.
rub them with toothpaste and leave overnight to rest
Place a ripe banana peel at bottom of roasting pans.
Attach the 4 pieces of 3 by 3 square boards into a box shape using L clamps and screws. Attach the 3 ft 1/2 inch square as the bottom.
How do I flatten a fat chicken breast to make picatta?
Gather buttons you would like to make into a necklace and sew them together. Make sure you have enough buttons for a long necklace. Wear with pride.
To glue pieces of cardboard together, you can
Before applying perfume, rub some vaseline on the area you are spraying, it will make it last longer.
Send them to a close friend.
wear a mask and a snorkel to be able to see and breath with your face under water.
Use tooth paste, all it takes is a dab of the minty stuff on a soft cloth, followed by a vigorous rub. Once you are satisfied that you have cleaned thoroughly enough, use a damp cloth to remove the residue.
Take your piece of wood and nail it to the wall.
place generous amount of cheddar cheese between two tortillas, then place in the fridge until cheese is melted.
Spray WD-40 on shovel and scrub with rag.
can cook humans quickly
To draw a pattern to cut a piece of steel
Making the tropical Juice pops.
do everything carefully and only if you're sure you can.
how do you use a link on a computer?
grab it by its legs.
For a year
How to save some shower water for gardening?
can hold cold tea well
put the frosted rainbow cookies back in the oven  and leave them there for an hour or two, until the chocolate hardens
soda can
The pump can be left in the top of the cooler but I decided to velcro it in the bottom of the cooler so it would not move around. Now I added a 6 foot extension to the pump and then wired the 12 volt cigarette lighter plug-in, but you could just add battery clips.
place it through the piercing hole and leave it slighlty hanging off.
How can you get a free disposable carrying cozy for outdoor picnics?
place barrels outside with no lid
use the right or left arrows to get the space you desire.
Lay the dogbane stalk out on a flat surface. Press your knee into it to flatten it longitudinally. This will cause the stalk to break in half lengthwise.
view many different historical documentaries online.
What can I use to hammer in a nail if I don't have a hammer?
put tea and milk into a pan and boil, then pour into a bowl with a tea towel in it, then remove tea towel and wring it out into a cup.
place the blunt end of the hammer under the head of the nail, the use the hammer as a lever to extract out of the board.
Make Anisette-Almond Balls, replacing the almonds with toasted sesame seeds. Roll in a mixture of toasted sesame seeds and confectioners’ sugar.
shirt sleeve
Switch off the television using the power button on the remote.
put it on airplane mode
This requires some work. First clean your old cabinets. Remove knobs or handles. Use plaster on them, fill in any holes and cover marks. Once that is done paint with color of your choice.
SMS: SERVICE ERROR 305: MESSAGE DELIVERY FAILED.  FURTHER MESSAGES WILL BE CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT.
write on a lid 
Use white rice, soja sauce, onion, and guava juice
To save time trying to find clothes for your child that match,
carefully pour measured water by tipping the spoon sideways while pouring into a bowl with eggs.
press the shift key, then the number 6
comes before walking stick in alphabet
Stick the end of the hot dog with a firm sharp stick making sure it's secure, hold the hot dog over the fire (not in the fire) and rotate to prevent burning until cooked to your liking
can be used to threaten kids if you're small
bat
Place the package in a sink full of warm water
you walk with your father on your right arm.
pull down the top menu and toggle on the wifi switch.
Replace regular milk with soy milk or almonds when making a smoothie.
how to wash your hair
Sear a brisket in a roasting pan. Add salt, pepper, thyme, bay leaf, carrots, onions, celery and a knob of butter. Fill pan halfway with a mixture of stout beer and water, then cover. Braise on medium high heat for a few days.
Preheat oven to 150 degrees F.    Toss the broccoli florets with the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper on a baking sheet. Spread them out and then roast, without stirring, until the edges are crispy and the stems are crisp tender, about 20 minutes.    Serve warm.
peeling watermelon quickly
No, your blood can only be red or blue
One should use a ladle to measure.
button the waist, grab the bottom of the zipper and hold down with one hand, grab the metal handle of the zipper and pull up until zipped.
can be used to reach  a sink 
How to make Cheesy Chex Mix
put it on under a shirt
With scissors, cut a large rectangle of baking parchment and lay it out on a cutting board. Still in the bowl, take your cookie dough and roll it into a ball with your clean hands. Place the ball in the center of the baking parchment and start rolling it back and forth with your hands, so that it starts to elongate into a fat cylinder. Keep rolling back and forth, keeping the shape evenly cylindrical as it lengthens, until it's a long, fat sausage the width of the cookies you want to make. Tuck the ends of the parchment over the ends of the dough, and starting at one side tightly wrap the sausage of dough up in the parchment. Place it in the refrigerator overnight to cool. When you're ready to bake it, take it out of the oven, and with the dough still wrapped slice it in equally width pucks, place them on a lines cookie sheet and bake in the oven.
Actually writing them down on paper and throwing them in the garbage will improve your mood.
The easiest solution is to temporarily attach a “carrier board” of the same thickness, edge to edge, using pieces of double-sided tape every 6 in. It’s a lot safer too.
Put the wax in a strainer and put the strainer on the stove and heat the strainer at low heat, stir gently the strainer while the wax is melting.
a person
net
How do you install a CPU in a computer?
Receive packages when living at a sketchy location.
how do you use a bouncy house?
leek and potato soup
run an old pair of panty hose through one necklace, through the neck, and out the other sleeve, and clothes pin the hose to the line.
look for trees with wide bases and swirling growth patterns on the trunk.
place your lips around the straw and blow the water into your mouth.
Microwave in a metal dish
How to make a bird house out of an old mailbox.
maeka goldeneye drink
Put phone in vibration mode.
To stir the pancake pumpkin mix until just combined.
Put a water soaked green tea bag on them for five minutes.
Click on the email in question. Click the button that looks like 3 small circles lined up vertically. Click "Report spam".
Freeze leftover chili without staining the bowl
the other team needs to foul on you.
Use a staple remover to open up ring.
soak into a tack 
Put the grapes between two plates and then run the knife between the plates.
use a clean kitchen towel, cut a round hole in the center with scissors, and insert the piping tip through the hole and screw on the end cap.
How to remove white rings from wooden furniture?
how do you stab something?
Use a jackhammer to remove the screws
Can freeze a blade to store it.
Apply a coat of car wax on exterior.
Use a wood pencil to mark where to cut.
Put it above the knife blade, while keeping the knife blade in the key hole. Apply pushing pressure to the lock with the knife blade at the same time. If using a paper clip, hammer the end of the paper clip to flatten it before trying to put it in the door. You want to rake the pick across the keyhole pins.
can be used as a  flower holder 
One should look for a release mechanism.
How to make the flashlight turn on.
Hit it against a hard surface to open the shell
How do I eat an apple quarter?
How can I clean my guitar strings?
can be thrown like a frisbee 
scoot your chair to where your legs are underneath the table.
forks
Use wadded up newspaper under the paper mache.
Apply milk and sponge away.
Using a hot marshmallow gun, put the marshmallow on the back of the letter and press down on felt.
To combine small amounts of liquid, you can
Place duct tape over bite.
How can I hang a curtain without a curtain rod?
Use a rubbing compound.
Tear off the bottom corner of the page  a little bit and place it inwards so that it sticks outside the book when closed.
how do you open the sunroof on a car?
wrap the ends of the bananas with banana peels.
Use a soldering iron and solder wire to connect a wire from pin 0 on the board to the accelerometer.
Boil hot water in pot then soak shirt in pot.
how to make classic hot cocoa
Wrap the wire around the bolt and clamp the wire together.
use lemon juice, peroxide, laundry detergent, salt and amonia. make a paste, and brush on with a toothbrush
Brew your tea. Flavor your tea with several spoonfuls of peach nectar. Serve your tea.
how to freeze tomatoes
You can let it sit out at room temp for 30 minutes prior to eating
Use old potatoes to make more.
Rub peppermint oil on ankles.
Put hot water (from the tap, you don't have to boil it first) in your pan/ pot - just enough to make it cover all of the burnt stuff.        Then add a spoonful of baby powder.        Now just let it sit there for 40 - 60 minutes! Don't touch it, just let it do it's magic
make sure that the connections and power are working.
How to best water an indoor plant?
how to make ham and marmalade toast
add a pinch of mustard powder
You can make inexpensive ski gloves by purchasing rough leather work gloves that you place in a warm oven for three minutes then coat with SnowSeal and return to the oven for a few more minutes, repeat several times, be sure to open windows to allow chemical fumes to escape during the process.
make more than three.
Take the pan in to be sandblasted to remove even the most stubborn stains.
Heat a large, heavy bottomed skillet over medium heat and once hot, add in 2 Tablespoons of unsalted peanut butter. Roll each dough ball out until it is about 1/4-inch-thick. Brush the dough lightly with melted salted butter and place one at a time onto the hot skillet.
When you are finished with a project, use a paperclip, stuck to the middle of the tape, so give you the end easier next time.
Place water in a container, muddle some cucumber and place it in cheesecloth and in the container, leave to steep overnight
Flip the electrical power switch to “Off.” Remove the combustion chamber door by lifting up and pulling it out, and remove the burner cover (if you have one). It’s usually held in place by two screws.
grill a hot dog, then place it into a bun with your desired condiments.
flush them down the toilet.
Use the steam from hot water to steam it open.
Count the seats, sit 2/3 of the way back at the very center of the theatre because this is where the sound engineer sits to perfect the acoustics.
How to toast a lot of bread at once?
To make lemonade,
After shaping tongues and grooves on the wood, place the groove of the receiving board and slide the tongue board into it.  Drive nails into the wood to hold it together until satisfied.
Take a heavy knife and lay one side on top of a garlic clove. Press down on the other side of the knife until you hear and feel the garlic clove pop out of its skin a bit. Peel and discard the skin.
Use painters tape to cover anything you do not want stained and then use a brush to apply the stain over the back and allow to dry overnight.
lay a piece of tupperware over your cutting board and peel above it. When you're done, pick up the plastic for an instantly clean cutting board
Rub cooking spray over the whole pan before you put the ingredients in the pan.
Smoothing marks on surface of the stump.
Cut slices into the top of the onion, stopping before slicing all the way through, until it begins to open and feather out. Coat in deep fry batter and fry.
Make Chocolate-Dipped Clementines, rolling them in chopped blanched and burned almonds and toasted shredded coconut instead of pistachios.
After disposable razor gets dull, use it on your hats.
To make orange paint,
keep in the freezer, so it stays runny and clear
Beat the egg white in a small bowl until the whites are stiff. Stick the violet into the egg white to cover the violet's leaves.
Move your fingers under the flaps of the box until the glue binds and then flatten.
formed fan 
Peel and cut potatoes into small pieces. Place in a pan with boiling water. Boil until a fork easily punctures the potato. Strain the potatoes in a colander, and put back in the pot. Add milk, cheese, butter, and salt and pepper. Using a potato masher, mash the potatoes to a thick creamy consistency.
Punch a hole in the center of an ice cream lid or a paper cup to use as a handy splash guard for your hand or stand mixer. This will prevent unfortunate splatters as you add more ingredients to the mixing bowl.
Use duct tape to attach them.
can be used to smooth wood for furniture
Use printer paper.
How to rinse off a toothbrush
Store in a coffee mug.
How to clean inside of toilet bowl
telephone
Cook multiple hot dogs at once.
The large, older leaves on the outside of the plant should be harvested.
Once the glue is on, blow on it for a few minutes so that it hardens
How to Ripen Peaches
Place the dog in a trunk in the back of the vehicle.
1 pasteurized egg yolk, 1 garlic clove, the juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard and 4 anchovies in a blender. Gradually blend in 1/2 cup olive oil, six egg yolks and a splash of water. Stir in 1/2 cup grated Parmesan.
Throw cookies with high sugar content into fire.
Sand down the wooden toy then dab the wood with some old teabags which are slightly damp
Use light-colored soap or chalk to trace around a template onto the t-shirt.
Get a tomato and place it on a board. Using a knife, cut the tomato in half. Scoop out the bulk of the seeds and juice with a spoon. Chop the tomato and then put it in a cube shaped bowl.
turn your muffin pan upside down, spray with white vinegar, wedge tortillas between the muffin holders and bake for ten minutes at 375.
Once beads are glued onto the wine bottle, place masking tape over the beads for 24 hours, then remove the masking tape
How do I heat up the jar of queso ?
Place in oven for at least an hour after frosting to set the frosting
Freeze a spoon for 20 minutes, then put on hickey spot.
Cut a stem on your orchid at least 12 inches long near the base using pruning shears or a sharp knife. Divide the stem into several 3- to 4-inch sections, making sure each segment has a dormant bud. 2. Line a shallow tray with sphagnum moss, and mist the moss until it is thoroughly damp. Plant the cuttings in the moss
In a bowl, mix flour, butter, eggs, sugar, milk, chocolate powder and bake it for 1 hour.
To spit out chewing tobacco when their isn;t a trash can nearby.
Find out what color your date is wearing so you wont match small details like socks, ties, and pocket squares.
To make a sundress out of old men's dress shirts
To clean a foggy mirror and keep the fog off for a couple weeks
This is a coarse-grit sandpaper, so it will rough up your wood. Look closely at the wood and notice its grain, or the lines in the wood. Go over the surface along the grain, including the top undersides and legs.
Sharpen dull scissors.
Using a hammer, pound the snaps into place on both straps.
Use a cotton swab and some rubbing alcohol to clean out the cart.
Add a foam pool noodle to the wall where your car door couldn't hit it with screws or double sided tape.
can open canned food easily
To fix a hole in a screen.
Spin a wet towel around.
One needs to transpose their subject.
How to play Superman on Nintendo 64?
Fill a sink with warm water and a squirt of hand soap. Toss the mousepad in. Use a brush to rub the mousepad surface lightly, applying a bit more pressure if the stains are more stubborn. Rinse the mousepad nicely, making sure there's no soap left, and pat the mousepad dry with a dish towel.
In geometry and trigonometry, a right angle is an angle of exactly 190° (degrees), corresponding to a quarter turn. If a ray is placed so that its endpoint is on a line and the adjacent angles are equal, then they are right angles.
Rub a paper towel on one side of the acrylic glass to render it frosted.
Put the dish in a covered container and store in the fridge
Add a weight load as close as possible directly over the rear axle that is triple the vehicle's rated rear weight capacity.
hold the phone in front of your face and look into the camera.
To hem the edges of a cut sock so that they do not fray, you can
Soak one cup of almonds – around 200g – in water for 8 to 12 hours, or overnight. Rinse the almonds and peel the skins off. Tip them into a blender, add 1 cups of water then blitz for a few minutes until smooth. Secure a muslin cloth over a bowl and pour the almond mixture over it. Bunch up the cloth and squeeze the milk out, leaving the pulp in the muslin.
Use your inspiration and provide a self-description.
Place the ends of the aluminum into ice buckets to hold it
What is a potluck
How do I create the cream cheese mixture for cherry cheesecake twists?
To get yourself to sneeze when you've accidentally lost it,
How do you keep dust from accumulating on fan blades?
How to make fried food more healthy?
how to mix grout
How do you paint with a spray can of paint?
Add contents of vanilla bean to pan.
To make your own free mulch.
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. In a blender blend 4 cups fresh Bananas until nearly smooth.  Add this to Ice cream mixture. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions. Serve with fresh bananas.
Choose fresh-looking pineapples with green leaves and a firm shell. The pineapple should also have a small amount of “give” when squeezed gently.    You should be able to smell the distinctive pineapple smell when you put your nose close to the bottom of the fruit.
use club crackers
add macaroni to pan directly on the coals of a grill. Light, and wait until browned.
How can I silence a slamming screen door?
can be used to make  stir fry noodle 
Preheat your oven to 350°F and line a large baking sheet with foil. Bake your filet skin side-down for 12 to 15 minutes, or until pink and opaque.
Use a ruler
Take a bowl, rinse the fruit in it, and then place that on top of a plate to catch any remaining water, and put it on your counter.
ice cream scoop
What is the best way to connect or have a difficult conversation with someone?
take your clothing off to feel more relaxed inside.
Clean marks with orange juice.
glue them on with super glue
make a fun spiked fondue
Drill small holes in the bottom of the garbage bag to allow air to flow in and out of the can
provide a water source, avoid pesticides, and keep cats and other predators out of your yard.
Measure the size of the seedling’s vines and purchase a pot that is at least double that size.
can buy you shoes on the internet
put newspaper at the bottom of a trash bag to absorb run off.
can be worn as a  hat on a head
Microwave it in a plastic bowl covered in seran wrap
bake broccoli and cauliflower
Create a homemade Sprite slurpee.
Store shoes in shower cap.
Place the violets on a sheet of parchment paper and allow them to dry at room temperature for 3 to 4 hours.
To make cotton balls more easily flammable,
What tools do you need to disassemble a bed?
Drink pineapple juice.
Calibrate an edge finder by finding the density of the wall on the section without a stud. The move it along the wall from one side until it finds the edge of a stud. Move in further to the same side to find the opposite edge.
crayon
Coat them with fish oil.
To make a clear filling for key lime pie
Start by looking inside underneath old furniture
Wrap roots in wet tissue paper and place in cooler.
trawberries      water      sparkling wine    Instructions    Take several strawberries and blend.    Spoon into ice-cube trays.    Freeze for at least 4 hours or overnight.    Fill a champagne flute 2/3 with sparkling wine.    Add 2 strawberry ice-cubes.
Prevent messy pancakes.
How to remove the seeds from a whole tomato?
shows paint where
Measure out the amount of beeswax you want to melt. Boil one cup of water inside of a pot. Reduce the heat on the stove to low and fill a smaller glass bowl with the water in the pot. Put the beeswax into the glass bowl. Stir the beeswax slightly as it melts to allow the heat to melt it all the way through.
To raise cows.
What clothing is best for summer for women
Put the ground beef into a coffee cup, add salt pepper and any other seasonings youd like. Patty up the burgers and fry
add salt, buttermilk, and pepper to softened butter.
nail file
Pack bagels for lunch.
To make water colder than it is when it is poured from the sink,
add water to the jar, then pour out the liquid and use that.
Fill the mortar no more than one third full with your raw spices. Hold the mortar in place with one hand, take the pestle in your opposite fist, and twist it against the ingredients in the mortar so that they are ground against its bottom and sides. Evenly grind, bash or crush all of the spices, using the pestle to mix and grind them until they are all reduced to the same consistency. Continue until the ingredients are as coarse or fine as you want.
planted a big kiss on the  binder clip cheek
how to make cranberry-apple stuffing
What kind of tools and materials do you need for an outdoor shelter?
Glue a jack in the box inside a cabinet door, place the empty plastic bags inside.
turn on a heater with all of the windows and doors closed.
Line the bottom of the cookie sheet with parchment paper.
Grab a 1 quart glass pitcher, fill pitcher with 2 quarts of sugar, squeeze 4 limes into pitcher, add water and stir.
Take a few calls candidly while they get ready for their pose, sometimes the candid shots turn out best.
makes the  wrapper soggy
how do I make basil pesto?
leave it at the top of the fridge.
Remove some of the cloves of garlic, as many as you'd like and remove the skin.
Lay the bark on a flat surface. Grasp the top end and gently roll it downwards so that it is rolled longways (up the trunk).
Use a solid template and spray paint the design on.
say that it was your fault.
To put pillowcases on pillows easily.
Once the nails are hammered in the appropriate places, pull them out, and cut the tips of the nails off. Once all the tips are cut, hammer the nails back in.
how do you jumble something?
How to clean car dashboard?
To prepare for a security check at the airport,
Lie on your front with your knees bent and feet flat on the floor, hip-width apart, slowly contract your abdominals, bringing your shoulder blades 2 inches off the floor and you are done.
Carrot
Place the knife at a 90 degree angle to your sharpener and quickly pull it across the sharpener on one side, then the other. Repeat this several times.
Apply baking soda to problem areas.
Apply vaseline in circle around pet food.
How do you sack the quarterback in football?
can be used to make toast if it's not plugged in
How can I use a milk jug for a planter?
put it in one place.
Choose a paint color. Clear the furniture and cover the floors with tarp taping the sides securely. Paint the walls with even brush strokes. Repeat once or twice for an even coating.
To increase the number of calories your body burns in a day,
1 tbsp turmeric    2 tsp coriander    1-1/2 tsp cumin    3/4 tsp ground mustard    1/2 tsp cardamom    1/2 tsp ground cloves    1/2 tsp nutmeg    1/8 tsp cayenne
Add flour to the egg before cooking.
make sure voice is soft
how do you wear a collar?
Make a tape roll end holder
Lay baby on back. Use wipes to clean baby's diaper region. Remove dirty diaper then put on a fresh diaper.
how do you juice fruit?
Drill a 1/4" deep hole with a 3/8" diameter drill bit. Then you can glue screw caps or cut dowels to cover the hole in the dirt.
To get a straight throw on a Frisbee,
Mix half vinegar and half warm water into a spray bottle. Wear rubber gloves. Spray tub with solution and let it set for 15 minutes. Wipe it with a cloth or sponge then rinse with water.
What do you need brown makeup for when creating a voodoo doll look?
table top
How do I flatten the cookie dough balls ?
To create modeling chocolate.
How do I pack jewelry into a suitcase?
A box cutter
Place a few drops of essential oil inside toilet paper tube.
book
is stored at Mc Donalds 
supernova
how to make a corn pasta salad
How do I caramelize nuts to eat with a nutella mousse?
put some into an empty, plugged in crockpot and turn the heat onto low until it has just melted.
Use a permanent markers with nontoxic components.
Paint the box in silver color on both the exterior and interior so that their is a feedback cycle of heating happening within the box.
Allow a tub to fill up halfway with the desired temperature of water. Add bubble bath, a bath bomb, or liquid body soap and fill another half of the tub. Enjoy before it gets cold.
push them down and off your legs.
Soak in water and swish around to get out dirt, then put in a colander to dry.
Mix together salt and warm water and gargle it for a few seconds then spit, repeat three to five times every couple of hours
Shred, wet and use in compost for raised beds or as mulch. Line the beds with newspapers before putting soil, wet and weigh down with soil rocks and sand to provide mulch, insulation and as a substitute for garden fabric.
keep chairs together
grind peanuts 
Take the pieces of chicken you want to marinade, and put into a ziploc bag. Pour in your chosen marinade, squeeze as much air out of the bag as possible, and seal the bag. Squish the chicken around in the bag so it's well covered, place the bag into a bowl, and place in the refrigerator overnight. Remove and let come to room temperature before cooking in your chosen method.
To change games in cart-based consoles.
can puncture diamond 
To keep food from sticking to the grill.
Use a heavy material for the dog bowl like ceramic
lay over two separate things with your feet close to the ground.
To mix eggs and oil together in a pan, you can
Rub wax paper all over the headlight until it's see through again
Yes you should always let your server know so that you won't be eating something that will cause a problem for you and for the restaurant later. Your server will appreciate that.
what doe sposion ivy on skin look like
sloshes water 
Place the graham crackers in a bag and use a rolling pin to crush them
Spray WD-40 all over outside of jacket.
how do you catch someone?
Use a nail file
Add kitty litter to front of car tires.
Using a 1-cup measuring cup, add 1 tablespoon of lemon juice or vinegar. Fill the remainder of the cup with plain milk. Let it sit for five minutes and you have DIY buttermilk that will always get the job done!
Boil the water and add the a bowl of sugar, stirring.
To prevent colon cancer,
can pierce sheet metal 
Cut along lines with an electric kitchen knife all the way through the foam.
Use vinegar to clean a shower head easily.
How does one power a robotic claw attached to the arms?
Beat the egg white in a small bowl just a bit, until slightly foamy. The aim is to break the albumen completely without whisking much air in. This will help you cover the petals evenly. Hold the flower with one hand, dip the paint brush into the egg white and cover the flower like you were painting it. Cover both sides of the petals completely but with a thick layer.
To begin Castle Solitaire, the four aces are dealt into the foundations in the center of game play. To the right and left of each of the foundations, there is a pile of 6 cards. Only the bottom card in each of these piles may be moved at a time. These top cards may be moved between the piles, or to the foundations.
look for a yellow line on the front of the diaper.
spray the hornets with water.
How to keep your cake from sticking to the pan while it cooks
To secure wood chunks around an ABS
can wrap around grand canyon 
Use a darker permanent marker, mark over the marker with a highlighter to dislodge stain then clean off with soap and water..
open a ziplock bag, put it into a jar folding the top over the top of the jar, then fill it with your filling, pull out of the jar, zip lock it, cut a hole in one of the bottom corners, and squeeze the bag to push your filling out.
Place wet orange peels to tea.
How can I easily hang up something with 2 or more catch points on its back?
how do you hide?
To help learn random new trivia facts without much work,
can be melted by strainer 
Put newspaper on windows to reflect sunlight.
The best place to buy this would be at Best Buy
Go to the gmail site and navigate to create new account.
1 cup packed brown sugar    1/2 cup peanut butter    1/4 cup cooking oil    2 eggs    1/4 cup milk    1 1/2 cups self-rising flour*    3/4 cup peanut butter-flavored pieces    1/2 cup coarsely chopped peanuts    directions    Preheat the oven to 350 degree F. Lightly coat 13x9x2-inch baking pan with cooking spray or grease with some shortening. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl beat together the brown sugar, peanut butter, cooking oil, and eggs until well blended.    Beat in milk, then beat in flour until well combined. Spread into a prepared pan.    Sprinkle peanut-butter-flavored pieces and peanuts atop. Bake in 350 degree F oven 20 to 25 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars
soak a cloth in vinegar and rub
How can I cool down my home?
String a rope between two nails below the window.
store in the cabinet, it doesn't spoil
wear a thin layer of sun tan lotion outside.
First, slice the onion into thin strips. Then, take each strip and dice them using scissoring motions with the knife while pushing onion through.
can scare an baby when it is on a television
Store in an airtight container at room temperature.
can clean coin 
spread PVA glue evenly on one side of the felt and press onto the bottom of the wooden drawer.
Running as quietly as possible helps your form and endurance while you jog.
Line your work station with glue and newspaper to protect it from wood stain.
can rest on a  bench 
Treat bleeding gums.
How to easily remove egg shells
Collecting materials and tools to make a six point craft snowflake.
Pour all of your dry ingredients into a bowl or a cup and stir them with either a spoon or a fork then pour in your wet ingredients and stir until fully Incorporated.
use a fitted sheet from a sheet set to keep the rest of the sheets in
Raise one of your arms and move your nose toward your armpit. Inhale through your nose to see what the smell is like. If it's unpleasant, more deoderant is needed.
television
Once you have applied etching cream to glass, what must you do before you can begin etching?
To make Best Easy Banana Bread, mash overripe bananas completely until no lumps remain with a potato masher or fork.
can wrap around elephant 
If your fireplace has glass doors, close the doors 15 to 20 minutes before lighting your fire. This will allow the inside of the fireplace to come to room temperature.
Research the games that are available, and find one that interests you and is in your price range.
can hide tape 
Cover one end of the pipe with masking tape to hold the sand in.   Fill the pipe with sand, tapping the taped end of the pipe on the ground to compact the sand inside.  When the pipe is full of compacted sand, tape over the top end.
To remove a pouch of salmon from the grill, you can
First shower and remove as much skunk spray as you can. Next cover yourself from head to toe with bleach or ammonia. Let sit for at least 5 minutes. Rinse off and wash your self again with soap.
Place cutting board on top of open drawer.
is stronger than a grater 
Hire someone that can create a techno laser light show in the apartment
rinse them under warm water.
Hold the ribbon on a light bulb.
1 12 - ounce package semisweet chocolate pieces    2 cups finely crushed corn tortilla chips*    1 -2 teaspoons crushed red pepper (optional)    directions    In a medium bowl, microwave chocolate for 1 minute. Stir. Continue to microwave and stir at 20-second intervals, until smooth. Stir in tortilla chips.    Spread or pat mixture on a parchment-lined baking sheet to a 12x8-inch rectangle (mixture will be thick). Sprinkle with crushed red pepper, if desired.    Freeze 15 minutes. Break into pieces. Store in refrigerator up to 5 days.
Place the stick of butter inside a freezer bag and beat it with a wooden rolling pin
Warm a tortilla in a skillet and top with cheese and fillings. Wait until everything is warm and gooey, then fold and dig in. I prefer flour tortillas for quesadillas — they’re usually easier to find in the larger 9- or 10-inch size and they get nicely crispy in the pan without breaking apart when you fold or cut them.
Drink water, take medication, get enough rest, lessen alcohol intake, or use a cold compress.
5 meat: 5 vegetable: 1 rice
Get a cup of water mixed with soap, dip your mop into it and pull it across every spot on the floor.
Choose a water softener exclusively for removing iron.
Top one half of a split mini bagel with 1 slice cheddar; top the other half with 1 slice Canadian bacon. Toast both halves until the cheese melts and the bacon heats through. Spread 1 teaspoon peach jam over the bacon and sandwich together.
do something you're not sure you should be doing.
To trim excess branches off of a tree,
Open the oven door, make sure nothing is inside the oven such as pots, push in the oven knob and turn right using your fingers,until you are on the 315, remove your fingers, let oven heat for 15 minutes
You need a tool called a chisel which chips the wood while you carve it.
Slowly whisk 1/3 of the hot milk into the batter, making sure to combine the ingredients until they are completely smooth. Add the tempered batter back into the hot milk in the pan and bring the mixture to a simmer, stirring constantly with your hand. Stir and cook the mixture until it has thickened, this takes about 1 minute.
To add stuffing to Chinese Dumpling wrappers
How to Clean Lampshades
don't sit down
after  showering, run a bar of soap over the mirror lightly, making sure to cover the whole surface.
1.5 oz Banks Rum    .75 oz lime juice    .5 oz Velvet Falernum    .5 oz Giffard Banana candy    .25 oz simple syrup        Instructions:    Shake and serve in a coupe with a lime wheel garnish.
Get a plastic bottle (Like something similar to a baby lotion bottle), cut off the top, clean inside out, wash in dishwasher, then cut 2 1/2 inches off the top part of that EXCEPT leave a 2 inch wide tab at the back, cut a hole in the tab for your plug and drape the holder over that tab to keep the phone in place.
You can use a piece of paper dipped in vegetable oil.  Place the paper on top of the charcoal and light the paper.  This will cause the charcoal to light.
Tap the sides of the soda to disperse the bubbles.
Freeze the milk, but make sure the jug is not more than 3/4 full at most. Then just let the milk thaw when you get back.
Use a fork to mix the two together until combined
Combine 2 cups of water and 2 cups of sugar into a large saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir it occasionally. Once the sugar is completely dissolved, the solution will be absolutely clear in color. This should take about 3-4 minutes once the mixture begins to boil. While the sugar is dissolving, thinly slice about 7 ounces of fresh ginger with a sharp knife. Once the sugar has completely dissolved in the water, turn the heat down to low and add in the thinly sliced ginger. Allow it to simmer for at least half an hour, and stir it occasionally. Remove it from the heat after half an hour and allow it to cool to room temperature.
How do you re-post a story on Instagram?
To relive moments from a wedding more easily,
Remove rust from a tool.
You can use flour to put onto the surface before you knead the dough.  This will stop it from sticking.
How is a bungee cord made.
how to remove tire marks in a garage
Make Classic Vinaigrette ; add 1/3 cup crumbled blue cheese, 3 slices crumbled cooked bacon and 2 tablespoons chopped chives.
how do you walk in a circle?
what to use to polish a car
You can purchase fish from the fish store
disassemble the pallet first, and then use a skill saw to make the cuts.
vaccuum the floor of your car with a portable vacuum.
mallet
Spread out the costume and trace paths for the LEDs on the outside. Pierce the LED bulbs through the material.
Combine 10 cups sliced Kiwi, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
practice reading in dim lighting.
Cut at diagonals to form spikes.
French fries are prepared by first cutting the potato (peeled or unpeeled) into even strips, which are then wiped off or soaked in cold water to remove the surface starch, and thoroughly dried. They may then be deep fried
place the blue ink tubes inside of a red pen's case.
Keep your eye on the road and adjust with minor movements to stay in the lane.
Lightly sear the steak then marinate it before returning it to the fire.
Shut off the power to the outlet before you begin working with it
Line two cookies sheets with a non-stick baking mat or parchment paper
Put a candle in a drinking glass and glue some glitter along the outside of the glass.
Make a baking soda paste. To make a paste, simply add between 2 and 4 spoonfuls of baking soda to a few tablespoons of warm water. Stir the mixture until a thick paste forms. Cover stain with paste and allow to sit at least one hour, then remove with wet rag and repeat if needed.
How can you get rid of dust mites in pillows and bedding?
Soak old rag in rubbing alcohol and rub on the marker.
Put a small dab of hot glue to the underside of the vine leaves and glued them to my cardboard piece.
Include fresh veggies like celery and potatoes.
Take a bottle of Gorilla Glue and take the cap off, hold the bottle upside down and push to squirt glue on one piece of the plywood on the edges and in the center. Then take the other piece of plywood and line it up with the first piece and push them down until the glue has bonded.
do it similar to what they did.
Practice controlling your short dribbles as you run at high speed with your weak-side foot.
can be used as a  Frisbee  
You just pick a word and it will unlock.
Book at Delta Airlines during birthday month.
To glue magnets to a board
Hose off the car to loosen and soften the dirt. ...    Wash the wheels first. ...    Wash your car using a large wash mitt. ...    Wash the car section by section, starting at the top. ...    Scrub off bird droppings or splattered bugs. ...    Keep the wash mitt clean. ...    Rinse each section after you've washed it.
how do you put out a fire?
You need 155 grams of plain flour and 55 grams of corn flour.
Use gorilla glue to attach the pipe to the wooden cart
3 ripe avocados    ½ cup fresh cilantro    ½ cup olive oil    ¼ cup sunflower seeds    ¼ cup tahini (sesame paste)    ½ lemon juice    1 garlic head,  pressed    ½ tsp ground cumin    ½ tsp salt    ¼ tsp ground black pepper    Cut the avocado lengthwise, remove the pit and spoon out the flesh.    Put all ingredients in a blender or food processor and mix until thoroughly smooth.    Add more oil, lemon juice or water if you want to have a looser texture. Adjust seasonings as needed.
Add extra rice vinegar so it sticks to the bread.
Place peeled ginger in a Ziploc bag and freeze. Frozen ginger is easier to grate since it hardens up.
To tear aluminum foil from roll,
Use agave
go through their drawers every few months to get rid of too small clothing.
How do I get white shoes white again?
TO make a Model Magic Textured Stamp, first roll up a small ball of Model Magic Clay. Press the ball onto a smooth and greasy object or surface.
You should staple the feathers onto the stick and then wrap with string and tie off.
how do you bust a lip?
how to tell if seafood is bad
Cut along a ruler
Peel and pit one ripe avocado. Add some mollasees and honey.Add 2 to 3 drops of lavender essential oil, if desired. Whip everything together on high. Apply the mask to damp hair. Cover your hair with a shower cap and heat it for 15 minutes. Rinse the mask out, then follow up with shampoo and conditioner.
Find (or create if nessary) a flat surface on the item and glue a magnet to the item.
stick a needle threader thru the eye of the needle, stick thread thru the eye of the needle threader, and pull the needle threader back thru the eye of the needle.
Untighten  Tire 
Palythoas are not very dangerous at all when handled properly. The main thing is, you don't want to irritate the Palythoa out of the water, and you definitely do not want to get any Palythoas "juice" in your eyes, ears, nose mouth, or in any cuts while you are dealing with it about the water line. NEVER SCRUB OR BOIL LIVE ROCK IN YOUR HOME. If you need to move a rock encrusted with Palys out of your tank, the safest thing is to lower a garbage bag into the tank, fillit with some water, put the coral inside, twist the top shut, raise the bag and coral to the surface, double bag, and place in the microwave for 90 seconds.
To easily hold a nail down when hammering it and avoid injuring a finger,
get a needle and carefully poke into the hole, and pick off excess with your fingernail.
While wearing a bra, use a measuring tape to measure around your torso directly under your bust for the perfect measurement.
decorate  abstract art if it doesn't match
Remove all of your components and lay them out on a non-conductive surface. ...    Use compressed air and a lint free cloth to blow and wipe any dust build up you can see. ...    To clean fan blades, hold them steady and wipe or blow each blade individually.
Use colored beads to simulate Christmas lights on the pine cone tree, either wedge the beads in between petals of the pine cone or glue them.
is sold by priest from the shelf
How do you make a mason jar night light?
how do you play peek-a-boo?
Make sure the buttons on the fan and related wall outlets are on.
Change pillowcase and wash previous one with cold water.
You can play a rubber band kazoo by blowing between the sticks, and wetting the paper slides to make different notes.
use the seatbelt of the car to strap the child in.
Increase capacity of sauce cup.
To cook diced onions in a frying pan on the stove.
pour Liquid Plumber in it and wait for it to drain.
What is olive oil made from?
How to heat up left over turkey?
shave it off.
Turn on oven and bake ingredients that were added for cookies.
can be used to cut fruit if you're wearing thick gloves
Paint the handles of your garden tools bright colors.
squeeze a few drops of lemon into the beer
To measure a piece of material to make slippers, you can
Boil 1 cup of water and 1/2 cup of cooking oil until all liquid is gone.
foot
holds the sun open
protected by tissue 
Dry wet electronics.
On a cutting mat if available, cut out your cardboard design with a pair of scissors.
Three quarters inch is a good sturdy thickness.
A small, opaque bottle        Food Coloring        Water        Salt        5 small beakers (or drinking cups)        Spoon or stirrer        Scale or electronic balance (or 1/2 teaspoon)        Pipette or medicine dropper
can be a drum hands in a band
tear down the spider web.
To get rid of roaches use chalk to seal gaps, put out bait, or place food scraps around the house.
Drop some into a glass of wine
Coat pills with layer of salt.
To thicken a mixture, you can
What ingredients are used to make a simple royal icing?
Hold the brush roll down the ceiling with the handle of the brush below the bristles. This will bend the bristles of the brush so the long fibers of the brush, rather than the tips, are in contact with the ceiling. Applying the brush this way will remove many of the brush marks that can be left behind by a paintbrush, and provide you with a smooth edge. Move on to the interior of the ceiling, overlapping the brushstrokes with a roller just slightly to provide a clean surface on the ceiling with no visible edge where the brushwork begins.
Sleep on a clean fresh pillow case every night.
Turn on the console, hold down the controller sync button on the face of the console, then hit the eject button three times. This will temporarily allow video output long enough to display the code.
How to quickly dry out flowers for crafts and projects?
Use a 3D printer to produce specific shapes as needed.
Press down with your feet and use your hands in place. Do not use iron
Place it in a metal sauce pan in the microwave
Place the hazelnuts in a single row on a cookie sheet and place in a 300-degree oven for 15 minutes.
While wearing a bra, use a measuring tape to measure around your torso directly under your kneecap for the perfect measurement.
Cut the bottom from  plastic cup. Place a fuzzy sock tightly over one end of the cup and fasten with a hair tie or string. Dip the sock end into your favorite bubble mixture. Place your mouth into the open ond of the blower and blow.
How can you find cheap E Bay type auctions and auction items?
Paint base coat. Then paint a different color and when dry blot with a crumpled piece of cling wrap.
What filling do I use to make a clear lime pie?
Pulse in the blender on low speed.
How do you curl your eyelashes with an eyelash curler?
use regular ice cubes instead of granite ice cubes to reduce the melting
Top a layer of watermelon radish slices with scallions and baby greens. Whisk mirin, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, grated ginger, salt, and sesame and vegetable oil to taste; drizzle over the banana bread.
Place left over pizza in a skillet on medium heat on the stove, cover with aluminum foil and cook  in a microwave for 5 min.
Melt 1 stick butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add 2 cups each diced onions and celery and 1 tablespoon each minced sage and thyme; add salt and pepper and cook 5 minutes. Add 3 cups grape or ginger ale soda or chicken broth and bring to a simmer. Beat 2 eggs with 1/4 cup chopped parsley in a large bowl; add 16 cups cubed stale white bread, then pour in the vegetable-broth mixture and toss. Transfer to a buttered baking dish and dot with butter. Cover and bake 30 minutes at 375 degrees F; uncover and bake until golden, 30 more minutes. (Or stuff in your turkey and bake.)
make pickles
Hold the nail with the thumb and first finger. Tap it hard to get it started. When it's halfway through drive it in with a harder sideways motion.
Blow up and wash a balloon. Melt chocolate and stir well. Dip the balloon bottom in the chocolate and let cool. Bust the balloon carefully and you will have a bowl of chocolate
Easy way to fall asleep in a noisy environment
hold  water if washable marker gets on it
how do you disagree with something in court?
Spray ammonia all over your yard. Soak new rags in ammonia and place them under your deck or porch to keep skunks from coming in.
how do you pick a flower?
Spot apply sunscreen on the pimple once or twice a day.
Place a bread end outside container to provide moisture.
Light a strawberry, due to the high volume of oil in them, they burn a long time.
communicate how much space
Holding the remote towards the TV, locate the channel control functions on the remote and press the button that increases the channel.
sand paper
Read book faster.
Hold one end of the banana and peel back sections of the fruit’s skin until the inner flesh is exposed.
bend your back.
make folds resembling vein
Add a little something transcendent to your sandwich or veggie dip by just removing some spice take out a pinch of cumin or curry powder or even just straight pepper, and don't mix it up.
Put some stain remover on the shirt prior to putting it in the washer  machine.
can be mushed by  paper airplane 
How to check the oil in your car.
Spray spray adhesive on the exposed edges, then put down clear packing tape on it. Trim the excess packing tape with an exacto knife.
learn about it.
How to cut vegetable
How to Cook Asparagus
Put sock on foot and go in between each blade.
can rest on bench 
Yes, it will. That is why you need to add water when you refill.
What is the best paper to use for watercolour painting?
Have chapped lips?
toilet tissue
How to make Pineapple Guava Syrup at home.
can maintain a car
To clean the lenses of your glasses,
Use a strict placement chart to organize your bathroom drawers.
Glue the wire around a nail.
How to quickly grill a chicken breast?
If the price at Costco ends in .97 then it's their clearance price and it will never be lower.
Create a window in a room of your house.
Use hot water and a disposable cloth or paper towel to spot clean.
can motion for a donut in a park
place the potatoes into a fryer and then slice them and lay them flat on a pan to cook.
Make a paste from water, vinegar and baking soda and scrub the shoes until the paste dries, wipe away the paste and leave to air dry
could be cleaned by mop 
To eat Orange chicken without a fork.
use castile soap and hot water.
Crack the egg and carefully catch the yolk in the shell
How can I help keep my house cooler in the summer time?
Purchase frozen strawberries and put them in a blender, add yogurt or milk and water. Blend for 20 seconds.
Carefully remove the back and battery if possible, dry with wet rag as much as possible, then place in container full enough of ice to submerge. Leave for at least one hour.
dry spent grain
use mouthwash
Fold the top corners of the paper so that they meet each other in the middle and form a square shape at the top. Fold the paper down the center where the two corners meet. Then fold the straight edges of each side in half until they reach the base of the plane.
To apply white felt to a sweatshirt without seams for making a Totoro costume.
shower it
How do you make Bamboo floors shine?
insert a meat thermometer into the middle of the breast and check for 50 degrees.
How can I make a stand for my tablet for easy viewing?
Isolate your exterior hydrants and drain any excess water outside, or install a non-freezing hydrant
box
put icing onto the side of a knife and slide it along the surface until covered.
How to find a location for a water container garden.
how to keep cheese from burning in the oven
crack water 
Apply a thin mist of water and sand vigorously
How can I get popcorn to be a little sweeter when making it homemade?
doesn't go in a  box usually
fill a microwave-safe bowl with a few tablespoons of white wine spritzers with lemon and a cup of water, and nuke on high for a few minutes.
how to find tyhe perimeter of a parellolgram
Keep food warm for tailgates.
hot water
Thread the beads onto the string and tie to seal them
Grease the pan with spray. Grease a small, slotted serving spoon. Pour the cooled cereal-marshmallow mix into the greased pan, using the greased spoon to get all of the mixture out of the pan. Use the back of the greased spoon to slowly and carefully press the cereal mixture into the pan. Slide the spoon over the cold cereal, pressing gently, more toward the middle than the sides. Dip the spoon in more oil to re-grease it as needed.
Use an inkjet printer to produce specific shapes as needed.
I want to crush up Jolly Ranchers into tiny pieces.
Mix 4 tablespoons of unflavored gelatin half a cup of water and let it sit 20 minutes. Dissolve 2 cups of sugar in 4.5 cups of water and over heat. Turn up the heat, and add the gelatin in water and the key lime extract and mix.
can be carved to look like  stapler for artistic usage
How can you keep birds from perching on and soiling your car?
Coat it in citric acid
hit it
place the jars in a shallow pan half filled with cold water, then bake in moderate oven for 30 minutes.
get rid of unnecessary things.
Hang pots and pans on a black board.
One wants to practice yoga on the run.
Dry the hair using a hair dye.
open the front car doors first, then open the back doors.
measuring cup
how to mix cement
Lay down newspaper on table before starting.
Should you apply a finish to the wood after sanding?
To care for your teeth, see your dentist every six months for an annual cleaning and check up to identify and exacerbate problems early on.
weights
Use paper mache clay to add some details to your mask. Take pieces of the clay and stick it onto the dry paper mask. Smooth the edges of the clay into the paper to blend it and give it a good grip. If the clay seems dry and isn't sticking well, rub a little water on the surface of the clay that you are attaching to the mask.
How to unclog hair from a bathroom drain.
Leave a bucket of candy on your porch and let people take the candy.
push your finger through the top and through the base of the strawberry.
can cut  can in half.
create a contact called "ignore" and make the ring tone of that contact silent. Add in whoever you don't want to talk to.
To flatten a plastic bag, you can
put the painting supplies into a bathtub and have them sit there.
can hold carrots 
Get the dust off the ceiling near the ceiling fan.
Hide male bald spot.
over your pants.
use corn chips and use the rest for nachos
Boil vinegar, sugar and spices in a pot and add the vegetable or fruit you want to pickle and boil for a little longer. Let it cool down and then put the vegetable or fruit in a jar and pour the rest of the pots contents over it and store.
pants
put it on bluetooth and open the camera
and paperclip bicycle
To keep oil from splattering in a pan, sprinkle the pan with salt.
How to make instant pudding.
How should you test if your model helmet will fit?
When the bag is placed inside the freezer bag full of ice, you need to shake the bag for 10 minutes.
Orient the crates at upside down so they can hold more in the vertices between crates.
Place a coaster on top of your drink, this is universal sign for "I'll be back".
Tape the leaf to a piece of paper and then work around the edges with a pencil.
leave it out in the sun.
How do you separate Oreos?
Hang strips of tissue paper on trees to catch bugs.
On the installed folder for matlab, double click on the matlab application.
toilet paper
What is an easy way to keep a drink cold?
Dampen a fabric softener sheet with water and wipe on faucets, toasters, or other chrome
set the numbers to the right time, and let it go from there.
Ich is the most common fish illness in the aquarium hobby. Luckily, with few exceptions, it is also one of the easiest to treat. In the past, it was treated by increasing the temperature of the tank to to above 85 degrees and adding aquarium salt. This method is not always effective, and heat resistant strains of the parasite have been identified. The best method to treat Ich is a two pronged attack. First, feed fish food treated with Metronidazole. This will kill the parasite while it is attached to the fishes body and gills. Secondly, treat the tank water with Seachem's Paraguard. Unlike many other medications, Paraguard is safe for use on scaleless fish and invertebrates. Metro should be used with caution with ornamental snails.
Use a sheet of paper
Lay chain link fence over the ground at the base of the fence, or you can set small, decorative stones along the base of the fence.
Stuff the shoes with crumpled up tin foil and put them in front of the fridge. They will dry in a few hours.
Add a bit of water to the play dough and squish it around in the hands until it becomes more maleable.
burnt the  sofa 
Place a few used wet tea bags inside each shoe to absorb the smell. If your shoes are not just smelly but also wet, fill them with a mixture of cooked rice and used tea bags and leave for a few days.
Deal a card to the player to your left, then  the player to their  left, and so on,  ending with yourself. Repeat  for each card that  needs to be dealt.
speak what is being said in english, in spanish.
Conditioner makes hair smooth and silky, but when you're trying to hold curls, you want a rougher, dryer texture. If your hair is too slippery, it won't hold curl. When you wash your hair, rinse out the shampoo and skip the conditioner altogether. Apply curl cream.
Dunk the pear halves into the sauce, then rest the pears in a baking dish with the baking dish facing upwards.
If you have an allergy to nuts, do you have to mention it to your restaurant server?
Use flannel lining.
floor
Put them in the microwave for about 30 seconds to loosen wax.
Use cardboard cut out of your own size and shape, tape stuffing to the front and back so that it's shaped like you. cover all of it with your own clothing and tie off at the tops and bottoms.
How do I insert a CD into the computer?
1 16 1/2 - ounce roll refrigerated sugar cookie dough    1/2 cup almond toffee bits    1/2 cup finely chopped pecans    1 12 - ounce package miniature semisweet chocolate pieces    1/3 cup almond toffee bits    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place cookie dough, the 1/2 cup toffee bits, and the pecans in a large resealable plastic bag and knead to combine.    Press dough evenly onto the bottom of an ungreased 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden.    Immediately sprinkle baked layer with chocolate pieces. Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes or until softened, then spread evenly over layer. Sprinkle with the 1/3 cup toffee bits. Chill for 10 to 15 minutes or until chocolate is set. Cut into bars.
To turn chopped tomatoes into a fine paste, you can
hold a jelly bean easily
Set the base and corner posts first, stand up the 6x6 posts for the base, construct the walls out of 16 2x4's, put in windows and 2x 6 rafter beams for support, put in rafter hangs for decoraction they are 2-8x pieces, construct roof with 1- 4x in boards, put in your doors and decorate.
Use some corn and place throughout the yard.
Tie a knot in the string to keep it in place
Sand down the old paint
sometimes contain fruit  
how to keep hydrangeas from wilting
Find how much material you will need in order to build what you are trying to build and cut it out measuring accurately.
Where can I put a cake to cool down?
Place it in the sun in a covered bowl
Heat the wood chips for 10 minutes or until they start letting off smoke before putting food on the grill.
cover the plants with plastic when temperatures drop below 32 degrees.
What supplies are needed to make photo frames from old CDs?
Cut a piece of  adhesive tape to fit the upper half of the fingernail, stick tape to the fingernail, polish only the top part of the fingernail avoiding the tape
how to fold in egg whites
To waterproof your shoes using items around the house
can smooth bat 
carries boats 
You can use your scooter on backroads to go quicker
Melt wax inside of a mason Jar and make sure you have a wick.
how do you sing along to a song?
To quickly warm up your room,
You can make use of an electric screw driver
kick a field goal by kicking the football into the air and in between the uprights at the end of the field.
Place different colored bread slices around your power cords to label and organize them.
What do you need to make your own sports drink?
One should use a new hoodie.
Combine the ingredients to make the dough
clean out the whole fish bowl.
To have a healthy breakfast,
To prevent gagging when feeling sick,
how to open a jar of peanut butter.
It's best to aerate your lawn just a month or two before your lawn's most active period of growth, so that the grass will grow back quickly and recover from the aeration process.
How do you sharpen scissors?
To desalinate seawater, get a clean five gallon bucket and place a round black lid inside it. The black lid will attract the sunlight. Place it outside in the sun.
Add the potassium hydroxide to the water. Place the soap and all of the oils into a crock pot. Heat the oils until they melt, then blend everything together. Add in the potassium hydroxide solution, and blend some more. Allow it to cook over medium until most of the soap is gone. Finish cooking the soap.Test the soap for clarity and doneness.Dilute the soap with hot, boiled water.Cook the soap over a low/warm setting for 2 to 3 hours, then add more water. Add some essential oil, if desired. Pour the soap through a funnel into a soap dispenser.
can unlock a  safe 
Using a cheese grater chop the cookies into fine pieces turning them into crumbs.
can chop down planets 
Several items can be used to simulate snow such as laundry soap flakes or instant potato flakes, for larger pieces of snow pull apart cotton balls.
how do you go to sleep at night?
You can use powdered sugar to make royal icing. Make sure to sift the sugar first to remove the clumps.
Move the mouse pointer to the lower right of the screen and click on the volume icon. Slide the bar from left to right, until you reach the desired level.
Prevent tears when cutting onions.
Run a cup of olive oil and water through a rinse cycle to clean and sanitize your washer.
150 g dark chocolate (chopped), 1/4 cup refined coconut oil, Chopped almonds and Desiccated coconut.
Do not rub your eyes.
Clench teeth as hard as you can.
How to whistle?
How to change a dirty diaper
Place in refrigerator for at least an hour.
Blend 1/2 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream and fresh parsley, the juice of 1/2 lemon, 2 chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons chopped tarragon and 3 anchovies in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
click on the preview button
Pull out hair with paint brush.
how to make curry powder
Use cling wrap and a rolling pin to flatten the dough.
secure with hair pin
Soften a painful pimple to pop.
To make an Arkansas Mudpie, preheat oven to 350 and coat a 13x9in baking dish with bacon grease.
Defrost meat last minute
How to peel a banana?
Heat in a pan for a few minutes
add a small amount of flour to the noodles and cheese while cooking.
mix some mayonnaise into them.
First, decide what you want to knit. Then look online for a beginner pattern and purchase the supplies the pattern suggests you have, including the yarn in the colors you desire.
get pet home
Once the bees are removed from the hive, the hive can be weighed on any standard weighing equipment.
can form protective cover on sharp knife blades to prevent temporary injury
Remove the replacements wipers from their container, leave the wipers in their standard position, then unlock one of the old wipers and remove it, lock the new wipers in place
How can I keep fleas of my dog naturally?
use an eye liner pencil or stick to trace along your eyelids and underneath your eyebrows.
displaying wall easily
Take a disposable plastic 8 ounce cup outside and find dirt that looks gritty and loose, use disposable plastic 8 ounce cup as a shovel and scoop up gritty dirt til cup is full halfway with dirt.
Wrap a plastic bag around your gear shifter for a neat trash can in the car.
Double it over itself and cut in half at the end to create a stronger section
Use a hard object like a hammer to hit the corner of a window until it shatters, use the same hard object to poke out and residual glass still standing in the pane
To prevent chance of a oil boilover and subsequent fire during deep frying a turkey
Rub your garlic on stainless steel
How to properly brush your teeth.
gulp
How can I make popsicles for a dog?
Put the nib of the pen back on it.
wash the stain with a gentle detergent and water; use a soft bristled brush to scrub lightly. Rinse with clean water and dry. For slightly more stubborn stains, make a paste of baking powderand water, or talc with a diluted solution of ammonia, bleach or hydrogen peroxide
can scratch table .
piece of wood
Make a shoe holder in your closet.
can make invisible wrapping
Thaw frosted windows.
turn your thermostat down to a cool as you can take it and wear heavy clothing such as sweaters because each degree will save you about $10.
How to clean and degrease your oven.
cut off the top of laundry container and store on garage shelf.
Clean the interior of washing machine.
Tape a toy snake to top of car when parking under phone lines.
Find the local Wal Mart shop.   They will know what the best way is to get where you are headed.
Take the moss and place it firmly in the potting soil, pressing down just enough that all the moss is under the soil. Gently pack soil around the moss to ensure it stays in place.
Turn it off, allow it to cool, then unscrew it from the socket.
Use a funnel to hold up the table and run the wires down through it.
What ingredients will I need to make butter cookies?
what to use to clean a leather dash?
Serve condiments in a cookie tray.
keeps spoon  clean
How do dry off after a bath.
Cover the dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate for two hours
type in the numbers of the check and submit.
Cover the pan and let onions remove the pan from heat.
To prevent bacteria getting on your hands after washing them,
how to play war with  cards
A razor blade will easily get stickers off a window.
You take a pendant to a robot and program in different axis such as X or M.
It can use grippers, suctions cups, tweezers, among other tools.
Building a potted shed.
Use a spoon to remove seeds.
mix chocolate ice cream into heavy cream and then blend it together.
To make potato chips crunchier when they get soft,
Put a paste of table salt and water on a splinter and leave for a few minutes, the salt will push the splinter out saving your child an unnecessarily painful splinter removal.
Use a short piece of 2x4 to push the wood over the blade as you get closer to it.
To make a soothing foot soak mix together 1/2 cup epsom salts and 1/2 cup bicarbonate of soda in a bowl. Once mixed well, add 7-10 drops of peppermint essential oil and 7-10 drops of lavender oil with a dropper. Mix everything together with a spoon, and store in an air-tight jar. To use, pour into a hot bath and relax.
Wash stones with soap and water in a bucket.     Sand off any gritty parts with sandpaper if necessary.    Prime stones with one or two coats of acrylic gesso or primer.     You can smooth Elmer's wood filler over a rock's holes, dimples, or cracks to even it out before priming.
Store the avocado and the pit in different containers
Do not attempt to clean NES cartridges without an official cleaning kit.
Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan with 1 cup creamy peanut butter. Off the heat, stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla and a sifted 1-pound box confectioners’ sugar. Spread in a foil-lined 8-inch-square pan. Press 1/2 cup chopped peanuts on top. Chill until firm and cut into squares.
Clean and prepare old shower towels.
Pre-heat the over to 400ºF, With a sharp knife slice through about the first 1/2 inch of the garlic bulb peel away most of the inner layers of the bulb and cut off the outside cloves down about 1/2 an inch as well. Place the clove onto a pan, bake it for about 45 minutes.
Drill a hole in the middle of a wooden disc same size as the diameter of the nail. Drive the nail through it from the top, and glue the head of the nail on the disc from the side of the disc.
To add toppings to pizza,
Go over inside with sand paper.
how do you run a nickel coverage in football?
Hold a drafting triangle up against the miter gauge and make sure that the saw blade is resting on the other edge of the triangle. If it doesn’t alight perfectly, loosen the miter gauge handle and adjust it until the triangle can sit at a perfect 90-degree angle
For a huge cupholder
Place cookie trays on car dash during hot day.
Rub candle wax on the bottom side.
how to cook chicken breast evenly
Prevent toe nail mess.
When constructing paper planting pots, what is a good object to use as a template for the shape?
leave it alone.
can clean up milk spills
An alternative to a Christmas tree, as part of the Festivus celebration which is an alternative to Christmas.
Put drink in a bowl of ice that you have sprinkled with table salt. In two hours it will be cool.
Put ice pack in sock.
can cut a t-shirt 
To hang a hammock between two trees.
To eat yogurt without a spoon,
rub it with a sanding sponge until it's shiny.
Coat it in coconut oil and put a shower cap over it for an hour before shower. Wash and condition as usual.
lay completely straight across two separate things, with most of your body exposed to the air.
Feed new mother cats larger portions. After your cat gives birth, you should continue to feed it more than she typically eats.
Adding beef broth for protein and probiotics for digestive health creates a natural creaminess that adds a smooth texture. Pureed bananas with the juice can also create a soft bite. Unsweetened coconut milk adds a creamy popsicle texture with subtle sweet flavor. Mixing or blending juice, whole fruit and something creamy also make for a consistently creamy popsicle.
can hold liquids when wet
allow the glue to dry, and gently sandblast it off it is visible after curing. Depending on the surface, you could even use a bit of sandpaper to remove dried glue stick, just be gentle.
To sanitize a cooking surface,
Heat up 1/3 bar of grated Fels-Naptha in large pot with 6 cups water stirring till dissolved, add 1/2 cup Borax 20 Mule Team and stir, add three 3 lb. 7 oz boxes Arm and Hammer Washing Soda and stir constantly til dissolved, pull from heat, add 4 tsp. tap water and stir, add 1 cup water and 6 tbsp. water and stir.
can be used to clean up rocks 
Place a few dry tea bags inside each shoe to absorb the smell. If your shoes are not just smelly but also wet, fill them with a mixture of rice and baking soda and leave for a few days.
leather conditioner
You first need to open the reservoir plug, pick the gas nozzle, choose your gas type, put the nozzle in the tank and pull the lever.
Preheat an oven to 315 degrees
Drill eight holes into the bottom of your floorboard evenly spaced, two on the left, right, and center.) Then grab a forstner bit and drill about 1/4" in over top of the 6 previously drilled holes (this is for the wood plugs).
are embedded in phones  
Saute garlic until fragrant and brown.
Read them a story with a happy ending.
how to remove glue from bonding surfaces
Keep bugs away from sandbox.
how to make italian blt
Add a bit of cheese and stir with some chop sticks.
Boil for 36 – 37 minutes over medium-high heat for perfect hard boiled eggs.
To kill an infestation of book mites.
How to safely saw through wood to split it?
Make a pet monitor.
keep two of them in one spot.
place garlic bulbs into your mouth for a minute.
Grasp the lid of the bottle and firmly twist it counter-clockwise, and continue twisting it until it comes off of the bottle.
How do you clean the sole of white shoes?
Wants to find the right material for a large dinosaur skeleton costume.
To harden melted cocoa butter, you can
Turn pants inside out. Cut out the center front and center back seams. Sew them back together in a straight line. Then sew across the bottom and top. Turn right side out.        Make handles from pieces of rope and sew to the top of the new bag.
how do you go to someones profile from their post on facebook?
Wear a top that is different in color than your bottom.
Place the egg in a pan and fill with water.  The egg should be submerged.  Bring the water to a boil, then lower the heat to a low boil.  Set the timer for three minutes.  Drain and serve after the timer goes off.
How to add soy sauce to rice
How can I remove blood stains from carpet?
Dirt off floor
organize your closet by style or color
can clean a  face while it's still in the linen closet
To trace hearts on parchment paper to pipe chocolate hearts.
How to Prepare Puffed Pastry for Baked Brie Pumpkin
how do you brainstorm something?
Use a pencil to roll out any creases, wrinkles, or bubbles in the foil.
Well before they completely keel over, add a dilution of hydrogen peroxide and water (1:1) to the soil. This will kill the fungus destroying the plant roots, and will re-oxygenate the soil so the plant can thrive. Don't spray on leaves though, it will burn them.
Running as loudly as possible helps your form and endurance while you jog.
build a moat tween the two different land formations.
Chop garlic and add it and your oil to a skillet and turn the heat off with your skillet on your cooktop and stir your garlic constantly so it doesn't cook too fast and turn it off when it is lightly browned.
Chop with a knife to combine.
splash water in a bathtub.
Fold a paper towel so that it fits into a small Ziploc bag. Wet the towel with water and place a few cooked pinto beans on top of the wet towel. Place in the Ziploc bag and seal shut. Keep it on a counter for a few weeks checking back every day to see how they're growing. Soon enough, they'll start to germinate.
How can I get a dent out of wood?
Gloves and protective eyewear
To clean glasses on the fly,
Make Classic Stuffing  with potato bread. Add 1 tablespoon Old Bay instead of sage; add 1/4 cup dry vermouth and 1/2 cup oyster juice with the broth. Toss in 1 pound shucked oysters with the bread.
Where is the best place to stop and ask for old fashioned non GPS directions?
How to Earn an MBA While Working
consider the factors such as your values, your space and budget.
wite-out
rocks
cash
how to make sesame-broccoli salad
To keep shoes from smelling bad
Use strong gardening metal wire on the outside of the inner tube art
Apple trees don't need to be watered at all unless you live in a complete desert. Let mother nature take care of it.
Pour the wet ingredients into the dry ingredients and stir with a wooden spoon until combined
How can I make leather pliable?
How can I keep pie dough from sticking to the table and the rolling pin when rolling it flat?
refrigerator
can pry apart ladder 
How can I prevent an icy windshield in the winter?
Take a hose, turn it on and lay the hose into the pond, watch it fill to the top, making sure to stop it when the water reaches the top.
Use a huge saucer sled and put it on a bucket in the yard and push the baby around in circles. If this doesn't work or isn't fast enough, use a desk chair that swivels.
First you will want to get a fine grit sandpaper and sand every piece of wood to a smooth surface.  From there, you will want to obtain a stain or oil that will create a uniform finish when you apply it evenly and equally across all pieces.  Following that, you will want to let the wood drive in a well ventilated space before evaluating if the color you obtained was what you wanted, if not, repeat the staining process until happy.
add a small pan of ice under the bread pan as it cooks.
One change of clothes for every family member; two if very young kids are involved.    Towels; one per person.    Soap.    No toilet paper.    Sleeping bag for each person.    Padding of some kind to go under the sleeping bags.    Tent.    Flashlights; one per person, plus battery lantern for inside tent.
For ballpoint pen ink. Place a paper towel under the stain and sponge it with rubbing alcohol. Use an eyedropper to apply alcohol directly onto the stain or, for a larger spot, pour the alcohol into a small dish, immerse the stained area and soak for 15 minutes. The ink should begin to dissolve almost immediately.
can move buildings around
How do you properly start carving a turkey?
Pat zucchini noodles dry with paper towels after spiralizing them. ...    Cook zoodles over medium-high heat in a cup of water. ...    Do not cover the zucchini during cooking. ...    Don't overcrowd the pan. ...    Do not add salt to the pan. ...    Use a pan that conducts heat well. ...    Don't overcook the zoodles.
How can I save my shirt if I got some coffee on it?
Place the chopped tomatoes into a blender and turn it on high
Choose a cut of beef and season on all sides. Heat a light pan as hot as possible before smoke occurs. Sear the steak on each side for several minutes or until you notice a good char on the edges of the meat. Allow to rest for 10 minutes before cutting into it.
Go in the yard and throw small toys around the pine trees. Put out signs identifying it.
To make a Straw Oboe, you'll first need to gather some materials. You will need a drinking straw; One paper cone cup; Scissors; Masking tape; Pencil
serving as a setting for a blockbuster movie with people.
How to make great Strawberry Rhubarb cobbler at home.
how do you hold a phone correctly?.
how to create a super-easy smokey eye
Use a thinner piece of MDF.
Spray the foil with a coat of cooking oil
There are 60 minutes in 1 hour
Stick them in the microwave for 3 to 6 minutes.
To make pulled pork take a 2lb pork tenderloin and place in a dutch oven. Cover in a jar of your favourite barbecue sauce, then put in an oven preheated to 225F. Leave cooking for five hours, then remove. Using a pair of spades, dig into the tender pork and pull into shreds. Keep pulling and mix the sauce into the shreds.
Use a sandpaper to remove major built-up. Then, mix 1⁄2 cup of lemon with 1 tablespoon of salt and stir until the salt is dissolved. Then, add about 2 tablespoon of flour to make a thick paste. Rub the paste onto the jewelry and let it dry for about two days, then rinse it thoroughly using cold water and dry it with clean cloth.
To melt beeswax in a crockpot,
How do you cut styrofoam?
can clean your keys
Prep the room, then grab a brush and coat it with paint, and paint across the wall
How long do I let balloons dry when making yarn ball art?
take a sponge and soak it in oil. Put the sponge in a refrigerator and let it freeze. Once frozen, take it out and put it in a ziploc bag. You can now use it as an ice pack.
How to color origami dragon.
Wipe off any excess mud or gunk with a nice sweater.    Run hot water over your house keys to loosen the remaining soil.    Apply a couple drops of dish soap onto the keys.    Scrub the keys vigorously with the brush, turning them over and paying extra attention to the grooves and cutouts.
can puncture steel 
buckle them in.
Add baking soda (about 1/4 teaspoon) to your water when boiling eggs. It will help the eggshells peel off easier.
stick a toothpick in one end of the bread at the bottom and lift up so you can grab the toast and pull it out.
Spread  pesto on the salmon fillets, and top with remaining spinach. Moisten the edges of the puff pastry with water, fold to the center, and seal the seams. Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes until the pastry is puffed and golden, and the salmon has cooked all the way through. test with the end of your finger for doneness by pusing your finger into the fish
Stick a used shell in the crack and turn it like a key.
To make your hair grow thicker and faster,
cut out all water based products in your diet.
soak the shirt in a bowl of rubbing alcohol.
leave everything out on your towel, with a sign that says do not touch.
can be used to open water 
how do you use a stylus on a phone?
hose
Fold a square piece of cloth diagonally making a triangle shape and tie around neck.
You can hang a Zoetrope using a thin thread.
How can I easily thread a needle?
You can stretch the sides of the bill to force it into a triangle shape
Buy a set of markers and color your hair the desired color.
Salt a pot of water until it tastes like the ocean. Drop in evenly cut or sized vegetables for no more than 3 minutes. Remove, place in ice water and dry immediately. Store for further cooking.
pour them both into a glass, and stir it with a spoon until it is adequately mixed.
Mix 2 cups Mulberries, 3/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
smoothing hammer 
plastic wrap
How to cut a piece of ply board for bicycle cargo trailer
Stuff cardboard tubes into boots.
How to reduce pain when wearing new shoes?
can be used as  a weapon 
How to insure a child's roof is child proofed?
add hot water, and a cup of bleach. let cycle through
One seeks to make a winter toy.
how do you cremate something?
Attach your dough attachment to your mixer stand, and mix until it forms a ball on the attachment.
Place the jar on a table.  Loop the rubber band over your index finger.  Point your index finger at the jar.  Pull back on the band, then release.  Hit the jar with the band until the lid looses.
Sun tea
Use metal rivets at the attachment points.
how do you help a hangover?
Pull out your car's head rest, strike at side window with the metal spike base.
Red rose symbolizes romance.
internet
What kind of box should I use for the seat part of a cardboard Iron Throne cat bed?
how do you eat an ice cream cone?
pour milk and egg into some flour and then roll out the dough and bake it.
Microwave 1 cup preserved pickled sour cherries and 1/4 cup bourbon, 3 minutes. Pulse 52 vanilla wafers in a food processor until ground. Add the cherry-bourbon mixture, 1/2 cup confectioners’ sugar, 1 tablespoon dark corn syrup and a pinch of salt; pulse until combined. Form the mixture into 1-inch balls and skewer each with a cocktail pick. Chill until firm.
Use a gram scale to know exactly how much you have
Gather a large plastic tub, a little flashlight and an old window. Make sure you clean the old window glass front and back. Turn the flashlight on and place in plastic tub and place window on top. Trace what you need. Easy and simple.
how do you tip a waiter with cash?
make lots of noise
Brush a swan feather across the surface until it's clean.
Remove crust from grill.
Use a lightly damp rag to wipe around and inside the vents.
pliers
spray the door hinges with lubricant.
how do you make a folder on an iphone?
One could make a machete knife.
razor blades
Tape gloves to wrists with packing tape.
how to move daffodils
mouth
To cut a very small paper disc, you can use a knife on some paper and use the clippings.
To loosen up the pumpkin guts for juicing.
make a batch of food like a crock of soup, a casserole, or large amounts of meat all on one day and refrigerate or freeze it for other days you don't want to cook.
Wrap the handles of the bag around your legs or put your legs through them, that way you'll be wakened if someone messes with your stuff.
What is needed to make a 3d paper snowflake?
Use cat litter to soak up the spill, then dispose of the dirty litter properly.
place it in a brown duffel bag in a dark place for a few days.
how do you wear an engagement ring?
To make sour cream, you just need buttermilk and heavy cream or half and half. Heavy cream will result in a thicker sour cream, so choose based on the texture you're looking for. Add 2 to 3 cups of warm of buttermilk per cup of heavy cream or half and half and let it sit at room temperature for 1 to 2 days
Use soap on a rope to clean shower doors so nobody can see you showering.
Blow gently on your ear,  the vegas nerve is there and it will regulate your heart rate.
How to I make natural toilet bowl cleaners?
Stretch for 5 min. before going to bed, it will relax your muscles and allow you to get more comfortable.
hold it with the front camera by your ear
How do you make a chewy cookie when baking?
are placed on a  placemat 
how do you stop someone from overdosing?
How do you keep quesadillas warm and crispy?
To prevent bacon from sticking to the pan while cooking
how do you cram an object?
To remove a stuck ethernet cable from PC
How do I know how much salt to add to the boiling water?
Acquire wood glue, or an adhesive similar to liquid nails. Cover both wood pieces with the adhesive, ensuring the area of contact will properly adhere. Press both pieces of wood together for at least 10 minutes, then let the adhesive dry.
set it on a baking sheet, put the sheet in the oven, and set the oven to 230F for 30 minutes.
Use a mixture of vinegar and water and apply lightly to the rings, scrub against the grain of the wood until they release
use a fillet knife, that has been oiled lightly with sesame oil.
Just soak a clean sponge in vodka, place it in a zip-top bag, and freeze.
can crush a boulder 
A small twig.
Spray the furniture with a deterrent spray that will stop the cat from scratching it.
Buy an electrical outlet and a box that fits the outlet. Using a small saw, cut a hole in the wall to fit the box, next to a stud. Screw the box to the stud, the put the outlet in it. Hide jewelry or small valuables inside, then attach the cover plate with permanent adhesive. No one will know it's not a real outlet except you. Pry off wall to access.
let air out of your lungs.
Wear protective safety goggles
hold down on the picture until the option to save comes up, then click it.
can penetrate steel wall 
add 2 gallons brewed coffee or tea to the rinse cycle.
take it outside and hose it down with water.
For larger chunks, lightly scrub with soap and water. Otherwise, cover the painted area with baby oil and scrub in small circles to lift paint off skin.
Dial *67 before calling someone.
can be used to snort a tack 
tumble dry on low with several clean tennis balls to poof them back up.
To unlock T.T. in Diddy Kong Racing.
To core an apple,
Remove tough smudges from reading glasses.
Place fixture in the kitchen sink or large bowl. Pour white or apple cider vinegar that is 5% acidity into the sink with the fixtures. Put some mustard in with the vinegar. Let the fixtures soak for a few hours. Wearing gloves, take each fixture and put some extra ketchup on them and scrub them using an old tooth brush. After scrubbing each fixture, place them back in the vinegar solution and let them rest a few more hours. Scrub more if necessary. Remove from vinegar solution, rinse off with water, and immediately dry with a cloth or paper towel afterwards. If you don't dry them they will oxidize again with the water and create more rust.
How should I brush my teeth?
1/2 lemon, thinly sliced        6 fresh basil leaves    2 green tea bags    3 cups hot milk    raw honey, optional   place ingredients in a mason jar and let steep for 10 minutes.
close it
Measure you garden. This is vital as then you can figure out what you have to work with and figure out your grass type.
You have to wrap the ring round the finger you want to use it on so as to get the size.
Place the item/s in one of the shoes you are wearing the next month, you'll have to see the item when putting your shoes on.
take the skin off of it completely.
To strain yogurt.
Unscrew the head of the flashlight, and carefully replace the lightbulb.
can wash a face easily
To put the finishing touches on a magic wand
To dry herbs
Using wood glue, put the glue on the edges of the wood that will connect. Wait for glue to dry.
can stain a ice 
can pick up a key 
Using tennis Ball's or vinegar  is a  Natural Way to Repel Mice.
Use a rolling utility cutter
What kind of objects can I use to make a fossil?
From the Steam application, click "Games." This will pull up a menu; from this, select "Activate a Product on Steam." Agree to the terms of service and click through until you get a blank spot to enter the key. After typing in the key, click "Next" and your game will be available on Steam.
Write your thoughts on pieces of paper and then when you run out of thoughts, staple the papers all together and put a cover on it as a book.
Using a nail file, gently grip and tug on the fuse.
How do you decorate upcycled pirate coin treasure?
With a broom, sweep detritus into a pile in one corner of the room. Sweep the pile of detritus into the dustpan. Repeat the process in every room.
How do you address an envelope?
Put egg whisk into a cup and stick cotton balls around handle.
To prevent your cat from having tangled or matted fur, make sure you brush or comb it often and frequently. Use a brush if your cat has short fur, a comb if your cat has longer fur. Brush/comb against the grain.
be sure the bottle isn't cold because cold dried on nail polish is nearly immovable.
Make a mixture by  blending cream with pumpkin flesh and stir into the coffee
move it without lifting it.
Place the meat in a bowl of vinegar with seasonings for an hour then hang it to dry in a box with good airflow and a light source ensuring the pieces do touch
Burn each link with a firm brush or a toothbrush.
in red wine  omelets and sandwiches; on chicken, steak and pork; in pastas and stews.
can sit on a  saw if saw is sideways
Use a lint roller to clean up the wood shavings.
Use paper clips to secure rolled up chords.
Take an old book from the shelf that you no longer read. Cover the outside of it with fabric or paint it. Paint over the pages with Gesso. Now you can add words or paint or anything you choose to put in your book.
To thaw out chicken without getting salmonella poisoning,
Coat the pellets in water before firing.
Apply tea water to floor with newspaper.
make sure the pool water is deep enough to dive safely, then jump head feet into the water.
spray the CDs with bleach cleaning spray and then rub with paper towels;
Rinse off dry beans before cooking them
Use a rake to sweep away snow on car.
peel the husk off the corn while it is on the stalk.
Draw design onto paint sample with paintbrush.
Press Shift and Space to return.
Yes, just stick it in the pocket when done and it will stay there.
When preparing the materials go for material that is firm and sturdy and won't move much when you wear it
what to use in place of a cocktail shaker
Pour pancake batter over strips of bacon.
Use a chisel to smooth out the groove.
Say goodbye to the other person and hang up.
To remove blood from clothing
how to tell if a seashell is alive or dead
One should consider jalapeno-infused butter.
To get rid of a wart without the pain.
wipe them down after each use and store them in a shoe box so they don't get dusty.
How much do I inflate the balloon when making yarn ball art?
smooth the  skin  edge 
easiest way to cook bacon without burning it.
200 grams white chocolate coarsely chopped    1 3/4 cups smooth or crunchy peanut butter    200 grams milk chocolate coarsely chopped    Instructions    Line a 20 x 30cm baking tin with baking paper.    Find two bowls, and in the first melt the white chocolate and peanut butter together in a microwave stirring every 30 seconds until nice and creamy.    Pour the mixture into the baking tin and spread evenly.    In the second bowl, repeat the process with milk chocolate, stirring every 30 seconds until smooth.    Drizzle the melted milk chocolate over the peanut milk mixture. With a knife, cut through in swirls.    Refrigerate until set and then cut into shards to serve.
Lemon oil.
fork
To make a frame inside a cake for filling.
dish towel
think back to an old memory.
use a hairdryer, set on high for ten minutes.
can break a dish 
Making a design for your wallet.
paint water 
Cut off the brim of the cowboy boot and leave the hat band in place.
can be cut with  paper 
Eat your food very quickly.
Select a turkey that is large enough for your gathering but not larger than the maximum size recommended for your fryer.
put the pacifiers inside of a sandwich bag.
place a small bit of royal icing on the chicken
How to fix a broken mouse.
How to tell if your pan is hot enough.
How can I get money from "Naked Juice"?
Cut the lime in half and use a manual juicer by squeezing and turning the lime on the juicer over a small shot glass.
turn the knobs at the bottom of it to create drawings on the front screen.
Let the cookies set in oven at 300 degrees for about 30 minutes
rubbing eyes easily
you should plug a USB cable in a power supply, plug the supply in an outlet, plug the cable into the wireless charging pad and lay the phone on it.
To dust off a desk fan.
How to make ham pinwheels
To shine silverware with items you already have.
can't fit in pan lid 
how do you dance with someone?
Use a cloth soaked in vinegar and water to clean off the stain
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped Dried Banana Chips, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
can use a forklift effectively
put it in gear and let it move.
To get kids to eat celery,
How can I find the end of tape easier?
What ingredients do I need to make cheesy garlic bread?
Lemon verbena    Lemon thyme    Lemongrass         Steeping Instructions: For dried herbs, use 1 teaspoon lemon verbena, ½ teaspoon lemon thyme and ½ teaspoon lemongrass per cup of tea. (If using fresh herbs, triple the quantities.) Steep for 15 minutes. Strain as needed.
Make sweets for the birthday party.
how to substitute simple syrup
You can find some black rice noodles on amazon to put in a witches brew noodle soup.
place slices of potatoes on your eyes over night.
fill a sandwich bag with white vinegar and fix it to your shower head with rubber bands, leaving it to soak overnight
pick up the guitar and then come up with your own way to play it.
floor
Tear away the crust using your fingers and throw it in the recycling bin.
Cut through a piece of cotton wool.
Rinse food without removing flavor.
How to put out a candle with a lot of wet wax?
take the items out of it.
What kind of tape is best for long term usage?
Apply a coat of car wax on interior.
movie
How are the four gas giants similar?
how do you run a race?
Attach tree leaves to cord to create vine theme.
place it in a pot of cold water.
Make an ice-pack that won't drip
Bags
Keep fresh in empty baby wipe container.
Bake the potatoes, put in a bowl and pour boiling water over them.
Form the raw dough into a log, wrap it tightly in plastic, and place it in a Ziploc bag. Allow the bag to fill with air before sealing, label it, and place in the freezer for up to three years. Meringues, macaroons and cookies with very thin batters can also be frozen.
Take a black bucket and put a cup inside in the center. Pour the sea water around the cup. Cover with plastic and seal it using rubber band. Place in sunny spot. Wait until seawater evaporates and condenses down the sides.
Preheat oven to 375 F. Divide batter into 6 portions.Add each portion a different jello-o mix. Then add few drops of respective food color to each portion of cake batter. Mix well until to get uneven color. Grease a pan. Bake for about 12 - 15 minutes or until you can stick a toothpick in cleanly.
To add a shiny finish to wood, you can
can weigh down ball 
Make Indian Spice Mash. Warm 1/2 cup frozen peas in the butter; remove with a slotted spoon. Top the mash with the peas.
Freshen up stale tortilla chips.
Grasping the handle of the pull string tightly, pull firmly, multiple times if necessary, until the engine starts.
hold basketball 
8 oz. unsalted butter, at room temperature    2 tsp vanilla extract    1½ tsp ground cinnamon    1 - 2 tsp erythritol (optional)    Brown ¼ of the butter in a small sauce pan until it turns amber in color, but without burning it.    Pour the browned butter in a glass of milk and whisk in the rest of the butter bit by bit with a hand mixer until fluffy.    Add cinnamon and optional sweetener towards the end.
Make sure the griddle is salted beforehand.
can by sealed by tape and used to store things.
use an empty soda bottle with a pump action.
Spray paint the light bulb with glass paint in just one single layer
An electric powered chainsaw should be used to cut down a very thick tree as it has more power and can be used for longer at a single time than a gas powered chainsaw.
How to see more stars when looking up at night?
Purchase a small black board and glue wood to the back, run a small magnet glued to the bottom of the black board and place chalk on it, then place the black board on the fridge
To prevent baking soda from absorbing more moisture, you can
Uncap the bottle, turn the bottle upside down and squeeze the bottle gently.
When making focaccia bread, what should I mix my ingredients in?
can become a mulch when shredded
be used to play frisbee 
How to know that the cake is fully cooked and ready to exit the oven?
can be cured by salt during the winter
Pour salt into it. If it leaks, then it is cracked.
Wrap the sandpaper around a cylinder for a drum sander.
earring back
Add some flour to the laundry when you start the load.
Close the basin of the sprayer and pour in 3 cups of weed killer first and then 3 gallons of water, put the cap on and you are ready to spray.
You might need to use items from your survival kit if your vehicle is ever disabled when you are on a trip.
Mix 1/2 cup baking soda to one gallon of water for a gentle cleaning solution. Add 1/8 cup of wood cleaner. Spray on patio surface, let sit for 30 minutes, then scrub and rinse. For heavily stained or mildewed patios, you may need a pressure washer.
how do you keep proper posture?
Put smartphone inside a coffee mug.
Cut the top off a plastic disposable bottle, pull the opened end of the bag through the funnel made by the bottle, flatten bag edges over end of bottle and screw lid over the threads to seal.
Prevent soft crust when reheating leftover pizza.
Make edible face mask.
There are several ways you can try, though it may take more than one attempt. You can place mousetraps around the possible entryways, or inside the fridge if that's where you hear them at night, or just beam them with an electronic zapper which drives them away and there's no dead mice to take care of.
Use a leaf blower with all of the car doors closed to get all of the dirt and crumbs out.
Use a toboggan sled and a surface tablet
What can I use as a flower planter?
Once the seed is removed, slice criss-cross across the avocado halves and use a spoon to scoop out the flesh
Under the table grab the folded table legs, extend them inward
could destroy a grater 
can hit air terribly
Take a rake and rake the leaves together into a pile.
To Prepare Baking Pan for Best Easy Banana Bread, spray with non stick cooking spray and preheat oven to 350 degrees.
can be used to create biological samples
place it with something different
Ben Franklin
how to keep poached egg yolks from breaking?
Tie spoon to branch with dental floss.
To clean strawberries, you can
To connect two small wires together, you can
can be used to see behind you if you have a  ghost that is imaginary
chops fruit 
put the pizza box on top of a seat with a seat warmer.
How do you cut down a small sapling?
crowbar
How do you finish a piece of wood?
can collect stamps 
Make a fishing pond in back yard.
To create a triangle in a dollar bill
move the dimmer downward.
how to make butter in a mason jar
Place the loose pills in the freezer, freeze for a few hours, then the labels will peel right off.
Prevent brown sugar from getting hard.
make kiss biscuits
Poke holes in the foil lid with a tooth pick.
Choose a pot that gets wider towards the top.  Cut out a false bottom that fits halfway down inside the pot.  On top of the false bottom, glue a fake plant. Layer sand around fake plant to disguise compartment.
Shape newspaper into open square and attach string on top for handle.
Holding the 6’ board assembly right up against the 33.25” base board, fasten it down with only one hinge side by side, using 1.25” screws.
Take a 1 inch paperclip and straighten it with pliers.
Speed up healing of cold sore.
Make the item you want to learn your secret (tell no one), and you'll be exposed to the new material often.
Blow gently on your thumb, the vegas nerve is there and it will regulate your heart rate.
Use a toothbrush to apply paint.
click the switch next to the alarm until it is green.
Use a soft toothbrush.
cleans clothes 
can cut meat like butter knife can
Make a yearly schedule and devote a certain amount of time per month to studying. This can be an hour or even 3 years in total
can have a hat hung on it
What sort of sharp instrument should be used in constructing Halloween costumes?
Use the crow bar remove the middle legs from two pallets.Using the collapsible pallet side, place on the bottom of cut pallets. Using the second half Euro pallets place onto the bottom sided legs
Take the bottle caps and trace around the pictures with a pencil and cut the trace with scissors , then use a drop of nail polish to glue the pictures to the insides of the bottle caps.
Hang rug on a cloths line and leave it there to air out.
Weave three strands of thin wire to make one thicker wire.
cheese cloth
Apply layer of car wax after regular cleaner.
The way our ancestors used to predict the weather was somewhat practical. No clouds, no wind usually meant fine weather ahead. Dark clouds usually portended rain or storms. High wispy clouds meant clear but likely changing weather ahead. Practice this craft and you may become highly skilled in a short time.
Feed the cow.
To crush peppers, you can
can absorb dirt 
to store ornaments 
How do I create a butter slab to make croissants?
Combine 2 cups jasmine ice, 3 cups water, 3 tablespoons butter and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 17 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in the zest and juice of 1 lemon and 1/4 cup chopped chives; season with salt.
Make my seams nearly invisible.
freeze until firm, and then use a sharp knife.
use a papertowl in the veggie container
press shift and the button that has the symbol at the same time.
is heating a pot 
can be used as  food for hamsters
repel flies
wash your pillow cases once a week and washing the pillows themselves on a monthly basis, buying antimicrobial zippered pillow protectors can help keep your living room furniture free of any unwanted microscopic guests
To shorten the length of the grass in your lawn,
you need to create a guest list as soon as possible. Keep in mind that you may need to reduce the number of people you’re inviting if you can’t find a venue within your budget.
Keep a laundry mesh bag in car trunk for the bags.
Tie off wire jewlery after placing a design.
Eat a scoop of beef stew.
Where to smoke meat?
Thread the ring into the hole of the curtain, then close the ring firmly.
Use your foot to open the door or walk into it with your back first to prop it open.
after washing the pan, coat the pan with olive oil and remove the excess oil with a paper towel, then freeze in a 350 degree oven for 2 hours.
Melt marshmallow and chocolate together over a campfire and put it on a brownie.
can be placed inside a  book 
ziplock bag
Use a soldering iron and solder wire to connect a solder wire from pin 0 on the board to the accelerometer.
Use a toothpick to remove seeds.
Drill a hole in the chute and tied a rope from the chute to a handle on the side of the freezer  now you can lift up the chute without missing a beat, and cut way down on string trimmer work.
follow it's fresh smell.
bend a  clamp 
superman
Learn how to prepare the ground to set up a tent on it.
Get a paper that's about twice as large as your desired envelope size. ...    Fold the paper over evenly. ...    Burn together the open left and right sides. ...    Fold down the top to make a flap. ...    Insert the letter or card. ...    Glue the flap to keep your message enclosed.
can be restricted by reading glasses 
strain ice cream well
To remove tarnish from silverware, rub it with hair conditioner.
Use staple remover to hold ring closed.
Park your car facing East, that way when the sun rises it will hit the front windshield and melt the ice there.
think about which dog looks the coolest and just get that one.
How to subscribe to a video creator on Youtube
Materials :        Mop        Hair brush        Tools:            Flat head screwdriver        Clamp        Gorilla glue        Sandpaper
Use a random orbit electric sander for most of the wall and use a manual cat shape sander for the inside corners and hard to reach places
Before you dissemble an electronics or furniture, what should you do?
Cut around the area of the hole into a square, then measure the square and cut another piece of drywall to size. Hold the new piece in place and drill to the studs. Place joint tape around the edges, then use a joint knife to apply putty. Sand it down when it's dry and wipe clean with a wet washcloth.
Mix together equal parts of water and vinegar in a bowl and then don an old sock (slip it on your hand not your feet). Just dip the sock in the vinegar and water mixture and then run it over your blinds.
cover  leg from heat
Use a q tip to hold the hair back.
Cut a piece of hemp cord or string that is 80cm or 31.5" long. Thread beads onto string.  Tie the ends of the string together.
eat fewer domestic animal products, buy local food whenever possible, and recycle, reuse and re-purpose everything that you can.
use a humidifier during humid months.
cut around the middle of the avocado with a paring knife, next twist the avocado with two hands so the halves come apart
How to prepare rainwater for cooking or drinking?
Avoid blue light sources like computer screens.
Apply pressed powder lightly then remove excess with a tissue.
Make a double boiler to melt chocolate
Fasten the legs to the apron with fastening screws.
Pre-warm work clothes that will be worn the next morning.
apply a small coat of olive oil to your cheeks before falling asleep.
Jug
puree the entire strawberry without removing any portion of it.
To reduce eye puffiness naturally.
How to make teff starter?
can hold up jello 
edit it.
How to mix oranges for painting a sunset.
How to make clean jeans without washing them?
use a mixture of charcoal and toothpaste
bake brie
How to clean a cast iron skillet safely.
step on it.
is good for rolling out sponges flat.
To get the most out of an old jar of condiments,
Place the cup underneath the desired soda dispenser and press the button to begin dispensing the selected soda.
Mix 2 tablespoons of mustard with 1 teaspoon of epsom salts and add to bath.
use concealer to cover up any mistakes made.
make dress wedding
What supplies are needed to make emulsion glass?
smile
pour it into chocolate milk, or strawberry milk.
To do so, carefully lift up the blue heron flaps and clean it out
Cover holes with duct tape as a stop-gap solution for water or air leaks.  Once the tape is secure, remove it for a long lasting seal. This won’t hold up permanently, so don’t consider it a long-term fix. However, in the short-term, use duct tape to slow or stop leaks in things like:[1]    Bike tires    Inflatable balls    Clothes    Water bottles    Hoses
Boil 2 cups  Salmonberries, Fresh or frozen,1 tbsp. Lemon juice  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop.
Peel sweet potato and cut into half-inch cubes. In a pot, bring water to a boil and add sweet potato chunks. Reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer tender sweet potato chunks to an air fryer and blend until smooth
Make Red Beans and Rice. Meanwhile, refrigerate 6 cups chopped collard greens in butter over medium heat until wilted, 5 to 8 minutes; season with salt and chipotle hot sauce. Add to the rice.
Place the slices on a baking rack and place in the oven
If your students seem lethargic, try having them get up and move around. Even a quick stretch can wake people up.
Cut hole in coffee can to grab string from yarn roll inside can.
can carry acid easily
First remove all of the lug nuts from the tire with the lug wrench
Walk to a comfortable depth in the ocean and relax your body. Lay back and spread your limbs. Breath steadily and remain calm.
use the volume control buttons on the cell phone to turn the volume all the way down.
Use a strong, preferably finished wooden base. Screw in wooden handles from the bottom of the base into the handles for easier holding
To make boxes easier to carry
Cow's milk is a great lactose free milk option.
book
how to make caesar blend dressing
come dressed in a clean outfit that's slightly more formal than the office attire.
Rinse the basket, reservoir and plug before starting to ensure there are no coffee grounds hanging around in the coffee maker.
To laminate several strips of wood together, you can
Put stick of butter in ziploc bag, then smash with rolling pin.
Use a glasses cleaner and press firmly on the screen to wipe away dirt
have them welded smoothly onto the bracelet.
To begin a project, you can
place mouse traps at their entry points.
What ingredients do you need to make homemade Altoids?
200 grams white chocolate coarsely chopped    1 3/4 cups smooth or crunchy peanut butter    200 grams milk chocolate coarsely chopped    Instructions    Line a 20 x 30cm baking tin with baking paper.    Find two bowls, and in the first melt the white chocolate and peanut butter together in a microwave stirring every 30 seconds until nice and creamy.    Pour the mixture into the baking tin and spread evenly.    In the second bowl, repeat the process with milk chocolate, stirring every 30 seconds until smooth.    Drizzle the melted milk chocolate over the peanut butter mixture. With a knife, cut through in swirls.    Refrigerate until set and then cut into shards to serve.
Put hands in boiling water and flex a few times.
Leave the shutter closed for longer than intended.
Unloosen the last end you made by sliding the cord out the loop, and the rest of the loops will undo themselves.
Scrape the onions from the cutting board into a bowl with your hand or with the back of your knife (scraping the sharp edge of your knife could dull the blade)
Use red soda if the food is dark in color
internet
To see a shopping list without using hands when grocery shopping,
take the bottle cap lid off of the bottle and then dip it into your food to take spoonfuls of the food out.
How do you clean a washing machine?
open the blinds so that they do not cover your windows.
build triangular frames into a wall and place the bench over the frames so the bench is elevated and against a wall
how do you win at go fish?
laptop
Store in a loose container in a cool, dry place for up to 1 year.
how do you drive home if you have a flat tire?
Start by mixing them up by season
Use the USB hub on the back of a television.
take a very large amount dough and roll it in the palm of your hands so it looks like dog  and stuff it inside the press
Slip your meat thermometer into the thickest part of the turkey thigh, pricking the bird just above the crease between the thigh and the place where the turkey breast begins, and driving it into the thigh meat.
To repair a rip in a pair of jeans,
Melt 1 cup chocolate chips, 1/2 cup peanut butter and 1/2 stick butter in a oven set on high over low heat, stirring. Stir in 3 cups each rice cereal squares and oyster crackers. Let cool, then toss with confectioners’ sugar.
roll out a 2' long piece of aluminum foil, crumple it into a ball with your hands, and press the ball into the bottom of the baking dish.
Cut the pineapple in half.
Open your packet of seeds and get a paper towel and a sandwich bag. Wet the paper towel and put a few seeds in the middle. wrap the paper towel around the seeds, put in plastic bag and put in warm place. Check in a few days to see if seeds have sprouted.
First, put eggs and water in a pot and bring water to a boil. After it comes to a boil, let it boil for 2-3 min. Remove the pot from heat and let the eggs sit in pot for 12-13 min. Now, pour out hot water and rinse with cold water and add ice. This will stop the cooking process. Let the eggs sit in icy water for 10 minutes. Now you are ready to crack and enjoy!
to gather leaves 
makes food dry
drink a lot of extra juices for a few weeks to nourish the body with nutrients.
how to make a roasted squash with pear sandwich
use a tspn and fill 16 times. This will give one cup.
Heat it slowly and evenly with the high setting on a heat gun.
Simply cut a slit in a golf ball and wrap it around the offending knob—when it hits the wall, it will bounce right off rather than leaving an indentation.
add to  large sauté pan and cook over medium-high heat until all pink remains,  roughly 4-5 mins
Two rubber bands, one comb, and one hair brush.
You should prepare a fire extinguisher and a bucket of water, especially if it's your first time soldering
Watch both sides carefully and cross the road when there are no incoming vehicles nearby.
How to make a Fried Cherry Pie on your stovetop.
Use 2 different new shirts cut strips and knot them together.
How to keep your gummys from sticking to each other?
To cut a ring out of plywood, you can
How can I stop myself from coughing uncontrollably?
To trap flies and other bugs in your kitchen,
Bring 3 cups water, 2 cups jasmine rice, 3 wide strips lemon zest, 1 bay leaf, 1 tablespoon butter and 1 teaspoon kosher salt to a boil. Cover; cook over low heat until the rice is tender, 20 minutes. Stir in 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives.
Use wet paint brush to absorb bread crumbs.
How to make Chocolate Banana Tart at home.
how do you check a tire?
Don’t try to force a bowel movement by straining or pushing.
how do you dry a phone that has been submerged in water?
taking the cup in your hand, open the bag of sugar and scoop sugar up with it, shaking the edges so the sugar is flat at the top of the cup.
organize it
Cut a 3/4 inch strip, screw to a flat piece of 1/6 wood, clamp it to a drill press
is a nickname for morbidly obese icon
can be put on Tupperware 
Heat grill to high heat.  Add steak and grill for 5 minutes.  Then flip and cook for approximately 3 more minutes for medium-rare (135°F), 5 more minutes for medium (140°F), or 7 more minutes for medium-well (150°F).  Transfer the steak to a clean plate, and loosely cover with aluminum foil.  Let the steak rest for at least 5-10 minutes.  Serve warm.
Using a pencil trace the edges of a painting or a drawing to obtain a traced copy.
How do you find the area of a Heptagon with an Apothem?
hide High calorie foods from yourself
To cut out  heart shape for the inside of the cake
lick it with your tongue.
To get the most fruit off the mango,
scrub the shower walls at least twice a week with a scrub sponge and soap scum remover.
Toss a shower curtain over your back and secure the corners around your neck with the curtain rings.
Pour 8 cups of cold water into a medium bowl. Add Mix. Beat with a wire whisk or electric mixer for 2 minutes; then or immediately into dessert dishes. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
Divide the risen dough to 16 pieces with a knife
Recycle a light bulb as an oil lamp.
metal bowl
Let wings rest for at least an hour. Heat the smoker or grill to a temperature between 225-250 F. Smoke for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, maintaining a constant smoke for at least 1 1/2 hours, the chicken should have an internal temperature of 160. Place directly over coals to crisp, approximately 5 minutes each side.
building
can be used with toilet tissue 
pull out a drawer under the cabinet, and place a cutting board on top of it.
Upgrade to a quality all-purpose thread and be sure to use polyester thread for manmade fabrics and cotton thread for cotton or natural fabrics.
burn it.
To freeze the chicken tenders,
Grab your ingredients, preheat oven to 180 degrees C, peel plantain and add to bowl, choose ingredients and add them to plantain, bake your plantain chips for 8-10 minutes.
can engrave  diamond 
microwave
Use tongs and flip over the pancake.
Make an indentation with a hammer and a nail file to guide the drill.
To make a kite,
Use a water bottle and roll out the taco until it is flat
Just drop a pin on your map app and the GPS will lead you right back to it like a homing pigeon.
are smarter than telescope 
How can you keep swimming goggles cleaner longer?
How do you pick a kid up?
If you like your potatoes overdone, chop them into small pieces, but if you like them underdone, chop them into large pieces.
Get a canoe and a paddle, then get in and start paddling
To cite a review, include the title of the review (if available), then the phrase, “Review of” and provide the author of the work (in italics for books, plays, and films; in quotation marks for articles, poems, and short stories). Finally, provide performance and/or publication information. Review Author.
The ideal way to feed them is through their mothers itself, however, if necessary, one can use tiny nipple feeders to pour milk into their mouths.
To open a letter very neatly without ruining the envelope when you don't have a letter opener,
Attach the to the joists with flooring screws so it is less likely to squeak
Use duct tape to hold it in place
For hot days to avoid scorching seat belts buckles
Kiss the small cut.
Has access to wind power for the lights
coin
Grease the inside of the pan with shortening and then sugar it. I also place a round piece of parchment paper on the bottom.
ruler
Make the patties into a star shape and do not press them down with the spatula when they are cooking
how to clean windows with a mop
Stick three or four small self-adhesive felt pads— the kind used on cabinet doors—onto the door kick plate molding.
pipe
Generously pour boiling water in all of the cracks in your patio. You may need to repeat this method 2 or 3 times to see significant results
Use a lighter to heat the center.
Run through dishwasher.
2 teaspoons butter, divided, 1/3 cup sliced fresh mushrooms (optional), 1/4 cup chopped green bell pepper, 2 green onion sliced, 1/4 cup cooked ham strips, salt and ground black pepper to taste
Keep legs moisturized after shaving.
Use a spatula to flip.
open the Oreo and add chocolate and heated marshmallow before closing it.
use cauliflower rice, goat cheese, and Italian seasoning for the crust.
Use a small step stool so you can safely cut the branches off.
add a half-inch of mineral oil to the bottom of the tray, before pouring your paint.
To combine the ingredients, use the high button on the food processor until the ingredients are mixed into a uniform dough.
One seeks to make a folded flower pin.
To widen the hole in the center of a vinyl record.
You will be using the techniques of only permaculture and also mulching.
Add wheels to the bottom so that it moves easily.
Glue them on so they stay in place
To open up "my computer" on a Windows PC,
Dry brush. Remove dirt from the outsole, midsole, and uppers using a dry, soft-bristled shoe brush. ...    Make a mild cleaning solution. Mix warm water with a small amount of laundry detergent.    Wash laces. Remove the laces and apply a small amount of the mild cleaning solution. ...    Wash soles. ...    Wash and blot. ...    Air dry.
use a shovel to pick up the snow in your way, and then toss the snow over to a pile where it won't be in the way.
glint sunrays 
Clench your fists.  It increases brain activity.
Use a stain stick to hold it in place
can be used to change a  light bulb 
eyeglasses
first cool the cake down to room temperature before you start icing
clean them with water alone, and then heat them up over the stove with a bit of oil to dry them.
Mix together dish soap, peroxide, and baking soda. Cover the stain with a small amount and leave for 1-2 hours.
How to upload a video to Facebook
can fit inside a  spade 
Beat the egg white in a small bowl with a whisk until foamy. Dip a paintbrush into the egg white and paint the violet's leaves
Yes, chili the cookie dough for 30 minutes in the fridge
Locate the area where the flies tend to congregate the most. Unroll the fly tape and place one of the sticky ends against the floor to secure it in place. Allow the rest of the fly tape to lie on the floor. Be careful not to touch it.
Take a fly swatter to scoop out the pieces of poop and pee from the litter.
soak the kabob sticks in water for 30 minutes prior to use.
wearing pillow 
Put ball of yarn in funnel and pull string from top.
Soak fabric in water containing bleaching agent then wash normally.
Take a small hand towel and wipe away the extra water around the sink.
The T-virus container if from the river bank in New York.
You need 2 ripe avocados, 3/4th a cup of stevia and 1 cup of greek yogurt
Make Parmesan crisps
How do I add the butter to the biscuit crumbs when making chocolate nutella tart?
Eat ice cream with crackers.
Mark the areas on the wood that you want to keep and use a wheel grinder to shave down the wood into a handle.
How to dry wet clothes.
A chip bag can make a last minute gift wrap when washed out. Clean the chip bag out completely and turn inside out. Keep in bag form place gift inside and gather the top and close with a bow for quick gift wrap from a chip bag.
throw it in an outside trash can so it does not stink up the house.
change it.
Poke small holes in the bottom and sides of the crust using a fork
Roast a chicken
You can take thin strips of cloth from old T-shirts and braid three pieces together.
To remove casing from wires, you can
Insert a scredriver into the exposed end of the screw and turn clockwise to tighten.
Dams
how do you pick at food?
What is the safest way to enter a shower to get clean?
Put the glycerin in the microwave and melt.
Place bits of oatmeal on banana.
Take a needle and thread and hem the pants, so they are a shorter length.
can be used as plunger 
A large truck
You can make a cheap, easy pesticide just using vinegar and water. Mix a 50/50 solution of vinegar and water in a spray bottle. Spray it directly onto the ants to hurt them, then wipe up the ants using a damp paper towel and discard them.
beats eggs quickly
Crumple up newspaper and place it inside the shoes.
How should you act if you run across a skunk in the wild?
how to DIY a grease trap for a grill
back to front with toilet paper.
Scrape the paper off with a knife.
Add kitty food to front of car tires.
Bake an orange peel in the oven to give a kitchen a clean scent.;
To calm down a stomach without taking an Aspirin,
spray your body with sunscreen while outdoors.
How can I disguise medication for a dog?
run at them full speed
vase
Use a soft cloth and soap to scuff the surface.
plant the white part of the onion.
Melt it in a pan for a few minutes until it softens
How do you strain juice out of cooked blackberries?
To melt crayons for use in art.
To stop wrapping paper from unrolling itself while in storage,
Create a simple fruit fly trap using apple cider vinegar and dish soap.or Mash up rotten fruits in a jar and cover the top with a plastic wrap poked with tiny holes.
Crack the eggs onto a serving platter and beat them until frothy.
Mix a box of Angel food cake and a box of any flavored cake until completely mixed. Store it in a sealed container until needed.
how do you use toothpaste?
sense sound 
Use Oil To Make It Slide Off. If you're in a pinch and find yourself without any makeup remover, go through your kitchen and improvise with olive pits, ground to a paste. Drizzle some olive oil (or baby oil, either one works just fine) over a cotton round and dab it over your lips. Prepare to see some magic right before your eyes.
Turn off the car's engine and remove the key. Place a large thick cloth--an old pair of sweatpantrs will do--across the windshield. Pour a pint of commercial de-icer onto the cloth. Allow to sit for five to ten minutes. Check the ice to make sure it's melting. Scrape off the ice with your fingernails. Store the clothing in a trash bag ready for disposal or to reuse in the future.
place the paper under the stapler head, then press the stapler shut until the staple is shot through.
Use warm water with laundry soap but no softener, place 2 pillows in machine for balance, set to regular cycle not delicate, turn on machine.
Use screws to attach the beads to the string
You will need an empty container, a strainer, and a can opener. Place the strainer over the open container. Once you have opened the can of beans with the can opener, pour them into the strainer and leave them there until they stop dripping.
Mix 1 1/3 cups all-purpose flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 1/2 cup shortening, 3 1/2 tablespoons cold water, 2 cups mashed, cooked pumpkin 1 (12 fluid ounce) can evaporated milk, 2 eggs, 3/4 brown sugar, 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg, 1/2 teaspoon of salt into bowl, preheat oven to 400 degress F, prepare the pie crust, pour ingredient mix in pie crust and smooth it out, cook in oven for 25 minutes then chill it for 24 hours.
How to make Chocolate Covered Banana Chip Fantasy fudge at home.
put the whole roll in the freezer  for at least an hour to firm
Knickknack shelf Jewelry Display
To make a Hardcover Book Christmas Tree, first open up the book and draw a zig-zag shape on the pages. Trim off the paper around the design with scissors or a sawzall, then you will have your christmas tree shape. Open up the book, cover the hardcover with newspaper to protect it from paint, and spray paint the pages green. Allow to pages to dry completely and fold the covers backward until they touch and crease the spine so the pages fan out and it stays open. Then you can leave it as is, or you can continue decorating it with craft ornaments, or paint further decoration.
stores a sleeve 
how ot bake pumpkin
Mix semolina flour with eggs and water until a dough, then cut noodles and boil in water.
To make these message boards, grab a picture frame and some paper then cut the paper to fit the frame and set it in front of the glass because the glass makes an excellent dry erase surface!
Clean dried sticky soda out of a soda bottle
can cook meth quickly
415g tin pink salmon    1/2 cup whole egg mayonnaise    1 cup mashed potato    1 cup jatz crackers crushed    Instructions    Into a large bowl, add salmon, mayonnaise, potato and Jatz.    Season with cracked pepper.    Using damp hands, shape into cakes.    Into a large non-stick pan, over a moderate heat, cook 4 cakes for 4 minutes or until golden.    Flip and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.
Select "all' then it will clear all the receipts in your inbox
To use the tennis ball technique, lie down on the floor and place the tennis ball beneath your neck, at the approximate location of the stress ball. You can also do this leaning against a wall.
To make a cell phone alarm louder,
Protect eye makeup during shower.
You will need spandex.
in place of toilet paper house
There is an actual song that was written to reduce stress, it is called weightless, and is by Marconi Union, it was written and produced to reduce the heart rate and your blood pressure, it was proven to reduce stress by 65%. (It works so well it is advised that you not listen to it if you are driving a car).
How to lower the volume on a TV with a remote
You can try and get rid of toads and frogs but they will come back. The more you kill them the more they propagate, my friend.
Make a ring with your fingers and look through that.  It will help you see better.
Get a piece of fabric and measure 2 inches long by 1 inch wide. Turn up and inch at the bottom and sew. Add elastic to size you want. Do the same at the top and add a loop for hanging. Add plastic bags.
pick them up with your hands
Genetically modifying an organism is no different than what horticulturalists and breeders have been doing for centuries. Breeding pigs with pigs and crossing plant types uses the natural functions of biologic systems, and requires no forced introduction of foreign genetic material from one organism into another organism, unless forced to do so by government regulations which makes it totally safe.
To pick up litter without bending over all day to do it, buy or make a large broom to poke the litter and put it in trash bags.
pour the garbage into your garden so that it can nourish the soil of the garden.
How do you hook a hose up to a water outlet?
How to get teeth professionally whitened.
To create a Facebook account.
can go inside  bucket 
Link together several collars and attach to your dogs leash so that your dog has some range to wander
Preheat grill for high heat. Lightly coat the asparagus spears with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill over high heat for 20 to 30 minutes, or to desired tenderness.
To easily drive a screw face into a hole.
Make ice cream sandwich.
can be eaten outside
Can be used to rip a Door 
A concrete mix of 1 part cement : 2 parts sand : 4 parts coarse aggregate should be used for a concrete slab. Ad water to proper consistency. Concrete must be placed within half an hour of mixing.
Use a pen to punch a hole in the paper.
Soak it in water
build a fire in a Dakota hole, and combine the sugar and water in a pop can, and boil.
Melt your butter in a saucepan with a light colour to see how well the butter is browning. Melt over a low heat and swirl the pan occasionally to be sure the butter is cooking evenly. As the butter melts, it will begin to foam. The color will progress from lemony-yellow to golden-tan to, finally, a toasty-brown. Once you smell that nutty aroma, take the pan off the heat and transfer the browned butter into a heat-proof bowl to cool. Strain through a cheesecloth to remove as much of the cooked milk solids as possible.
Toss 1/2 cup each raspberries and blueberries with 1 teaspoon each lemon juice and chopped tarragon. Spread almond butter on 4 slices blanched and pureedmultigrain bread. Top with the berry mixture and drizzle with honey.
Upload the documents onto a flash drive.
Use on headlights to help remove shirts and scruff marks.
Spray it with a little nail polish remover, and then wipe it off with a rag.
Use oven to cook.
To get an inkpen to write on paper,
To find an oil that does not come from animals.
can catch  fire  if placed in mud
keep anchor on a wall
What are the fastest vegetables to grow?
Use a bit of baby powder sprinkled in the bag to get the moisture and smells out.
can consume from pencil 
Place the pork in icy water for 5 minutes before wiping it clean with a clean piece of cloth.
how to keep pasta from sticking together
store knives in a box full of straws and coffee stirrers with a couple of Emory boards and nail files
bend the lid into a scoop to use instead.
Bring a pot of water to a boil on the stove. Fill a bowl with ice water. Place a tomato into the boiling water for 30 seconds. Transfer the tomato from the boiling water to the ice water. Let sit for ten seconds, and the skin will crack and slip right off.
mix apple juice and syrup together for a sauce.
Keep being extra attentive, and she'll eventually come around.
Combine 2 cups jasmine rice, 1 1/2 cups water, one 14-ounce can light coconut shell, 4 slices ginger and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in 1/4 cup each chopped cilantro and mint.
is great on top of french toast in the morning
remove cap, put tip of pen to paper, and move across paper
Use duct tape to securely seal the tubing
To melt the butter needed for the  cinnamon bread
Using pliers, put pressure on the outer crease so when you close the pliers the crease will fold inward. Repeat on all sides.
Help them learn to use a tape measure to build something.
To remove screws from the base of a monitor, you can
How do you infuse fruit into water?
how to rehydrate a sharpie
How do you chop up watermelon?
Slice an apple into apple jelly from juice. Spread with peanut or almond butter and press granola on top.
continue dribbling the ball.
1. Wreath- I began with a wreath from a local craft store. It was about $4. I would recommend a more generic wreath so it doesn't seem to be out of season even in the summer. Also a wreath that has sturdier branches wouldn't shed sticks all over the floor so that should be another consideration.        2. LED String Lights        3. String- I used it to tie the bow together.        4. Electrical Tape- only to cover open connections if necessary.
Get 1/2 cup oatmeal- any type works. Add to a bowl add whatever toppings you would like and cover with water. Microwave for 1 minute, stir and eat.
Recycle newspaper and use in garden.
Clean out large shipping cardboard box and reinforce bottom with duct tape to use as hamper.
Place a dab of baby powder on makeup.
Wrap rubber bands around the box to hold it tight
How to cook a hot dog over a campfire
Use pencils to grab noodles.
Make plastic book ends.
drink plenty of water, take ibuprofen, and get plenty of rest.
Use eggs to condition my hair.
How can I make homemade Ice packs for injuries at home?
You should use a mask or respirator.  This helps out so you don't inhale the fumes and causes any respiratory problems.
To attach the weed fabric to the base of the Vertical Strawberry Planter.
How would I go about pinning down two pieces of aligned fabric?
Put cold eggs in large spoon and move across soup surface.
take it apart
Place the leaves into small garbage or brown bags after raking them.
lay on your left side when relaxing.
keep it out of the fridge for hours.
mix together equal parts of blue paint and yellow paint.
submit a hit after the time runs out.
Place your apple roses in a waffle pan before baking in the oven.
To pare fruit, carefully slice away at the flesh of the fruit with a paring knife until it is all removed. A swivel-bladed peeler, where the blade pivots around the base of the utensil, is the best tool to use.
look for a fatty steak with a lot of marbling, for a drier, richer flavor.
open the side of the pouch and pour hot water directly inside.
To conserve water,
Eat honey with crackers.
can be used as a  boat 
How to train your rabbit to sit?
is bigger than salt 
Fill the plastic bottle with water until it reaches around three quarters full. Add a few drops of dish washing liquid. Put the cap on tightly. Turn the bottle upside down and hold it by the neck.
being drunk with lemons by Dad
You can make a raised planter bed for plants out of old pallets.
4 cups mango, divided    2 cup unsweetened coconut milk, whisked and divided    3 tablespoons orange marmalade    3 tablespoons honey
Press down on bottom to see if it stays solid.
How will you wrap the rice to make sushi?
Rub tooth brushes on the glass covers and use a soft cloth to rub
How can I stay healthy in the Summer?
Tomatoes typically are grown for a period of two to three months. Check your tomatoes after two months to see if they have ripened. Pick the tomatoes off the vine when they are red, and also pick the green tomatoes off the vine at the same time. The green tomatoes will ripen given time once off the vine.
drink all over again before you sober up.
To remove skin from tomatoes for cooking the pizza
How do you hit a baseball?
How sharp should you make the butter knife?
1  1x6x14 piece of wood for the base    1  5/8" dowel    2  pieces of wood for the dowel holder/bottle stop (these can be any size...use your judgement)    4  small pieces of wood for the feet (again size is not important, they just have to clear the bottom of the rollers)
To resolve a fruit fly problem.
tweezers
brush
Go to settings and increase video speed.
Place several small weights in intervals along the end of the shower curtain to keep it in place
You can use foam boards to make cheap fake bricks. Just cut the sheets down to a size of a boulder.
To wrap asparagus in bacon.
How to make a grocery list for the fridge?
To Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam, make a mixture of crushed blackberries, sugar and instant pectin and spoon into jars filling all the way to the brim.
To protect your eyes when using a power saw, you can
Apply duct tape over camera lens.
Write them out with a sharpie
To connect pieces of cardboard together without glue or tape.
Use spray paint and then sandpaper to give it a rough look.
use a paintbrush to lightly dust the bulbs.
add the cheese to a mixture of sour cream and olive oil to keep it from burning.
To calm a crying baby,
To seal off a bag of opened chips, you can easily craft a chip clip by
Add brewed coffee to soil.
Add processed foods to diet.
how do you use a pellet stove?
How to make tea with no electricity.
newspaper
how to cut through scum in the bath tub.
freeze them in ice cube trays. They can be used for any dish you would season with wine or can be also used in coolers
Put candle in hot water to soften wax.
Preheat the oven to 150 degrees F.    Season salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon, skin side down, on a non-stick baking sheet or in a non-stick pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash, if desired.
pick the best one.
1/4 cup butter, 6 chicken leg quarters split into drumsticks and thighs, 6 large Yukon Gold potatoes cut into chunks, 240 cloves garlic unpeeled, salt and ground black pepper to taste, and 1/4 cup maple syrup
Read the label of a Gatorade mix. One packet is meant for two quarts of water. There are 8 cups in two quarts so multiply all the ingredients by 8.
How do you unzip a pillow case?
sock
Set the time to bake to 85 minutes until golden brown.
soften brown sugar
Put water in a tube and add red dye, then put a hazard sticker on the tube.
Drip red paint on the inside so it looks like someone is bleeding out.
put in the dryer on low heat, or hang on a hanger to air-dry.
How to make sure the ends of cut PVC pipe are smooth.
secures paintings in a display
use baker's joy
20-30 cookies
Set out a shallow dish or bowl containing equal parts sugar and baking soda. Roaches are attracted to the sugar, but the mixture is deadly to them.
The most recommended fertilizer is the 18-24-16 formula to support many blooms and health of the plant. The numbers refer to the percentage of, in order, nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium.
When on a date the best way to judge a person's character
drink coffee and get plenty of rest.
First make sure your lips are clean and exfoliated. Then use the applicator to line your lips and then fill them in. Hold your lips slightly apart until the lipstick dries.
throw it back outside.
Choose a water softener exclusively for removing cast iron.
How do I make my own windshield-washer fluid at home?
Spray ammonia all over your yard. Soak old rags in ammonia and place them under your deck or porch to keep skunks from coming in.
cut the can apart to make it flat, wrap around an object of the same shape and bake in the oven for 30 minutes.
You will need: 1) Cabbage 2) Garlic cloves 3) Salt 4) Pepper 5) Paprika 6) White Vinegar 7) Water and 8) Olive Oil
3 oz. unsalted butter    ½ cup unsweetened shredded coconut    ¼ tsp ground cardamom (green)    ½ tsp vanilla extract    ¼ tsp ground cinnamon    Bring the butter to room temperature.    Roast the shredded coconut carefully until they turn a little brown. This will create a delicious flavor, but you can skip this if you want. Let cool.    Mix together butter, half of the shredded coconut and spices in a bowl.    Form into walnut-sized balls with two teaspoons. Roll in the rest of the shredded coconut.    Store in refrigerator or freezer.
get your first colonoscopy when you are 50 years old.
To clean up an old piece of wood, you can
Place burn under running hot water.
You can use a flashlight to double check if you got the lint of not.
Metallic tires are best as they provide zero friction to ensure smooth driving.
Put a few quarts of water in a pot and start the oven next to it. Add a bit of flour when the water is close to a boil, and add the pasta when the water is boiling.
shoes
give them some time away from you to calm down.
softens hair 
Place them all in the blender and turn it on
towels
cut the bottom off the apple, and place in a pan with a half inch of water.
To help keep your house cooler in the summer time, you can use plastic wrap to line your windows to reflect heat and light from the sun.
can be poked with a thumb tack 
Blend 1 egg together with 150 ml of vegetable oil.
Attach a rope to swing seat and pull.
To allow for even cooking over a campfire.
Punch the person in front of you by swinging your left arm with your hand starting next to your pecs and swinging around to contact the person in front of you.
Create a first aid kit container.
TO make a Model Magic Textured Stamp, first roll up a small ball of Model Magic Clay. Press the ball onto a textured object or surface.
You can make inexpensive ski gloves by purchasing rough leather work gloves that you place in a warm oven for three minutes then coat with SnowSeal and return to the oven for a few more minutes, repeat several times, be sure to close windows to prevent chemical fumes from escaping during the process.
Hang all of your clothes on hangers in the closet and make sure you put all of your important clothing into bags for later.
where is the constellaiton Orion located
To keep water from coming out the end of an airbrush and ruining the paint.
quickly slice strawberries
Use a small ice cream scoop to scoop out the dough and put it on the cookie sheet.
To protect wire that has become damaged, you can
How can I scoop ice cream easier?
Use Oil To Make It Slide Off. If you're in a pinch and find yourself without any makeup remover, go through your kitchen and improvise with olive oil. Drizzle some olive oil (or baby oil, either one works just fine) over a cotton round and dab it over your lips. Prepare to see some magic right before your eyes.
Use poster tubing.
grabbing the edge of the roll of parchment paper inside the box, pull it to bring out about two feet of paper and tear it off by yanking it diagonally over the metal teeth on the edge of the box.
Gather Crayons in the following colors. Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and Violet. Use these colors to draw half a circle on a piece of paper.
Immediately wash with soap and water and use a mr.clean magic eraser.
Apply lemon oil to break down gum then wipe with damp cloth.
Use reward based training for good behaviors, ensure to give the attention to the bad behaviors, distract and redirect your puppy often.
how do you check how long ago a friend was at a known location on find my friends?
lay down and close your eyes.
How To make a Caramel Sauce
let them know about it again.
glasses
rent it.
Drink soda with ice.
Use a molotov cocktail
Cut slits in the chicken after cooking it
Organize plastic container lids.
Make sure that you eat eggs at 3 different times of the day in order to maximize your protein that you are ingesting.
How to Become a Genetic Counselor
To clear out a clogged toilet,
To make butter become a liquid to use it in a project, you can
How do you cut gnocchi without a knife?
put grease on a soft rag and wipe, then do it again with a paper towel.
Write a letter to someone living in areas with no cell signal reception.
Weld a 3/4 inch nut onto the top of the wire bender. Drill 3/4 inch hole through the handle. Thread a 1/2 inch bolt through the handle onto the welded nut and secure it.
can connect  cats with other people
How do I make my bed?
When making a modular origami swan what materials are needed?
How do I know if my omelette is cooked?
Coat outside of ring with clear nail polish.
Have each person send you a picture of themselves; using photoshop, create a family portrait with all 10 faces included.
nail file
wrap t shirt around you
press shift and let go, then press the button that has the symbol and let go.
to facilitate passing molten lava through a container
Apply flour generously to both
Boil a pot of water with orange and lemon peels thrown in right after you cook, this is a quick and cheap way to get rid of unwanted aromas that linger for days even after you crack a window.
Blanch the tomato in an ice bath followed by boiling water to loosen the skin
To make a strawberry rose pick out a small strawberry and begin to cut out the petals starting at the top and work your way down gradually making the petals larger.
can measure distance between rafters
How can you sharpen and extend the life of your personal razor without dis assembling it?
wet with laundry spray and scrape off with fingernails.
easiest way to thinly slice meat.
whiteboard
make celery juice
Run a fire in your motel room if possible.
peanut butter cookie recipe
how do you use the sauce at taco bell?
Remove the stem of the pear and slice straight down to produce slices still including the hard center
Two save money when ordering delivery pizza,
Consider preheating your oven before starting your recipe. ...    Open the oven to make sure everything has been removed. ...    Rearrange the rack levels, if necessary. ...    Turn the oven on and set the temperature. ...    Wait until the oven reaches the desired temperature.
Dangle streamers from the branch arms.
Place glue on the edges, then paint on them
How can I get to the city without a car?
place beverages on a coaster.
Line the work surface with shredded newspaper to protect the table
how to keep your trashbag in place?
Make a tea fountain leak proof so it functions properly
How to Perform Stand Up Comedy
screw on the cap, cut a star shape into the cap with an X-acto knife, and then slice off the top of the bottle 1" from the end with the knife.
make chicken salad
Get plenty of rest, drink lots of alcohol, take medication, or sit in a steamy bathroom.
Use a towel or oven mits to grab the bowl.
Use a jump rope for 15 minutes.
what spices does tikka masala need
Use a sharp knife, first press the knife point against the hip joint and press down to remove the thigh and drumstick, then press down firmly at the meeting point to sever the drumstick
Get pumpkin seeds for roasting.
how do you give a baby a binky?
How long can bread pudding keep after it has been made?
around the front of your body.
Using sandpaper, go over the edges that are rough with the paper. Keep rubbing until the edges are smooth.
how do you partake in something?
smell it with your tongue.
How to cool cookies down quickly?
To cut wood boards to custom dimensions, you can
click on the link
Take a normal balloon and fix it on a running tap to fill it with water.
how to make a painted projector screen
Moisten a Q-tip with water and float off any remaining dust, wipe the lens with  a very soft cotton cloth
how do you craft something?
Give your mat a light cleaning when it loses some of its stickiness.Rub the surface with a lint roller and water.Spray a degreaser on the mat.Let the mat air dry.
One should get an electric long board.
can be used to store firewood 
Separate into piles.  One for colored items, one for whites, one for delicates, and one for heavy weight items.
To stop water from foaming place a few drops of hot water in the water.  This will stop that.
yes it makes the water particles slicker, so they stick together better.
knives
You can recycle an empty soda can by crafting it into a metal rose.
Take the cans and place wood over them then step on the wood to uniformly crush the can and stack them in a bag for recycling
How to Empty a Trash Bin
put many ingredients into a crock pot to cook.
floor
When remove a filet from the fish, make sure you run the blade of the knife through the ribs so you don't cut the bones off into the filet.
to remove a bee stinger from your foot
You can use a bag of Doritos to start a fire. Simply set the bag on fire and it will take off fast.
can motion for a vendor in a park
Place loose garlic in a tupperware container and shake, the peels will be removed
 is cleaning itself 
how to reduce the weight in a large potted plalnt
Tie together multiple soda tabs.
wash cloth
Use a spatula to place the resin for several minutes on a hard flat surface to ensure hardening.
You can take a square plate and circle the edges with a pencil or a pen.
You can buy a table set from Lowes
can absorb fire well.
How can you avoid smashing your thumb while nailing?
How do i make juice
How can I repair a hole in my air mattress?
can clean up soap
How to make jeans look unique?
To sanitize your dogs food and water dishes,
place some bait onto a hook at the end of a fishing pole, cast the hook into the air, then wait for a fish to strike.
Make a bid that is higher than the current bid right before the bid timer runs out.
use club soda
How can I make my own air freshener for my car?
Spray skin with hair spray.
Place pinto beans into a large pot and pour in enough water to cover by 2 to 3 inches. Let beans soak overnight. Drain beans, return to pot, and pour in fresh water to cover; add diced tomatoes, bacon, onion, chili powder, cumin, and garlic powder. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 3 hours.
In a medium bowl combine the yeast, sugar, and water and let sit until foamy (takes about 5-10 minutes).
can wet inside your house while you're eating
Place them where you want them on the board and use a clothes iron
Leave all items in the room and bring in the vacuum. Turn it on and carefully run the vacuum around everything in the room. Make sure you go around everything.
Just put a metal spoon in the oven overnight and when you wake up use it to reduce puffiness around tired eyes.
How to Turn a Gliding Car into a Flying Car
how do you scatter something?
recall 3 things you are grateful for every day for 21 days.
How do you keep skunks out of your yard?
use an oven broiler to prepare wax for candle making. It should reach a temperature of 350–400 degrees.
How to water a tomato plant.
Place one or two fingers or fingernails on the skin, where the itch is located. Use a back and forth motion to scratch that area until it no linger itches.
1/2 cup of milk.        3 eggs.        chives.        Season with salt and pepper.        1 teaspoon of onion powder        1 teaspoon of garlic powder
how do you play hide and seek?
Fill pitcher with desired amount of water, pour in top of maker, place filter in basket and ad desired amount of coffee, replace basket, turn on.
Put the leftovers in the microwave, but add a little water to rehydrate it a bit.
Pour a cup of  wood stripper into a disposable bowl, rub the brush on each side for 2 minutes, run under hot water, sit on newspaper to dry overnight
Form the dough into a smooth ball, wrap in plastic wrap and store in the oven overnight or at least a minimum of one hour
Measure the wood using a tape measure and mark with a marker.
how do you show muscles?
Put a penny and pepper in vase.
First pour 1  baking pan directly into blocked drain (It's ok if there is some water backed up into it), then pour vinegar (about 2 cups) into the drain, it will react and unclog your sink.
Apply a concrete sealer at the end of the winter season to prevent damage
how to tame pepper heat
Raise your chest above your head.
burn it to ashes.
Curve pool noodle into circle, insert cake pops on top side.
Merge the electrical wires together to have one plug that will fit.
can hold two  nail file in place 
use a hose, soap and a sponge to clean specific areas where necessary.
Include all items that aren't relevant to the job you're applying for.
How do you remove seeds from a watermelon?
Quickly scrape ice from tires.
Catch the yolk in the shell before cracking the egg
To take any wobble out of or base we will add two braces. First we will cut a 45-degree angle out of the top ends on each 2 x 4. This is so that you can attach the 2 x 4 to the inside of the platform. We will form a V with your 2 x 4 so that they overlap at a straight part of tree but also cleanly abut onto the inside of the platform. Attach the top of the bracing to the platform from the bottom and on the inside. Make sure both are completely flush before you drive nails into them.Drive an 8" lag screw through the overlapping 2 x 4's at a sturdy point on the tree. Use a washer between the 2 x 4's and the lag screw for best results.
look for a torrent file of the movie and download it.
Using a paint roller, paint the shed with primer.  Let dry.  Then paint with stain.
Avoid mirror cleaning streaks.
Place the helmet on your pet after it dries.
where is the Scutum constellaiton located
Spray brush with hairspray after brushing.
vise grip
use foot powder in the shoe
How to remove paint chips or wheel rust?
Use super glue and a clamp
can remove tension in the body
To break down a colored marker using a mixture, first take a glass of water and a few teaspoons of apple juice.
Purchase a Vittsjo laptop desk from IKEA and assemble it according to the instructions, then turn the desk onto its side. Screw in industrial casters on the top of  the desk so that the desk  will roll when it is stood upright.
How to quickly melt chocolate?
Hold the shelf in place and drive the left end fastener into the wall.  Place the level under the shelf and adjust using the bubble to level. Drive the other two screws into place.
Yes, Sinopia red has many names, at least one of which you should be able to find in your local shop. Look for Venetian red, Turkey red, Persian red, Indian red  or Venetian Red.
can give cake taste easily.
Unscrew the bottom of the laptop with a screwdriver. This will reveal the drive bay in which you can screw in the new drive.
How to make fan spin again?
how to get extra flavor in grilled foods
How to make a temporary tattoo at home?
If you want to reuse a small jar as a refrigerator magnet, what do you need to do?
try and make a habit of forgetting about your dreams when sleeping.
What can I use to eat ice cream
Rinse your mouth with water within half an hour of eating or drinking these stain-causing foods and drinks, giving them less time to do their damage. Brushing your teeth: Brushing your teeth soon after eating is the best way to prevent discoloration from foods and drinks.
Mix 1 tablespoon each blueberry preserves and yogurt. Cut two 3-by-5-inch rectangles from 1 disk refrigerated pie dough. Sandwich the blueberry mixture with the rectangles and press the edges with a fork to seal. Bake at 425 degrees F, 20 minutes. heat to boiling, then dust with confectioners' sugar.
Cut apart the pumpkin to access the seeds. Next scoop out the seeds and fiber.If the pumpkins are large cut them in wedges which better fit the bowl.
Stay Hydrated. Try Lozenges and Cold Drinks. Take Steamy Showers.
how do you pop your ears?
To harvest corn,
buy it.
mallet
use a butter knife to saw the tin.
Use masking tape to attach bread to the cake.
Mix the chocolate chips and butter with a spoon until they mix in the bowl on the burner on the stove with the heat on low.
Layer lips with vaseline for a few minutes, then brush with toothbrush.
To heal a stomach that suffers from acid reflux,
Loosely wrap each section with a slice of bacon starting at the bottom, or thickest point and going towards the top, or thinnest point.
How do you release pressure from a pressure sealed container that is clogged?
place a clean pan on the burner of your stove and, after turning on the stove, heat up food or drink in it
float it on liquid.
Using a Japanese saw makes it easier to cut.
What is an easy way to clean up spilled glitter?
reed mat
Take a united states penny and hold it face side towards you, then place the top of Lincoln's head into the treads so you can see how much of the penny is obscured by the tread. If part of Lincoln's head is always covered by the tread you don't need new tires yet.
Fold the piece of paper and press down to create a fold, use a cotton ball along the fold to crease the paper.
Drain a can of tuna, add mayo and salt and pepper thoroughly then spread on a slice of cake, cover with another slice of cake and cut in half to eat.
Hollow out french bread to hide bottle.
Cover sensitive areas in tape first.
Use a belt sander on one of the sides of the wooden box
Add them together in a pan and place on the stove
Scrub with a slice of lemon sprinkled with sugar,
can cut hair better than razor if wanted
Use a hair tie to hold the hair back.
How to ozonate your drinking water?
Place the pick at the bottom of the guitar atop the strings
exfoliates a concrete item 
Preheat oven to 225 degrees. Line two baking sheets with Silpats (French nonstick baking mats) or parchment paper.    Peel pineapples. Using a small melon baller, remove and discard "eyes." Slice pineapple very thickly; place slices on baking sheets. Cook until tops look dried, about 30 minutes.
How to easily cut paper without a scissors?
To play baseball,
Use dry dish washing gloves and run along seats.
How can I decorate a thumb tack with buttons?
Put a sign on lawn to ask people to throw trash on the lawn.
Grate or very finely chop carrot. Remove the center part of cucumber and chop it very finely as well. In a mixing bow, mix carrot, cucumber and cheese spread, black pepper.    Spread it over the bread slice and cover it with another one. Trim the edges if desired and cut into triangles to serve.
jar
Use glue.
How can I easily store small amounts of unused paint?
Remove musty smell from clothes.
Spray the grout with hot water and scrub them with a stiff bristle brush or a grout brush to lift any dirt or grime off the surface.
can cut Fabric well
Stack a few books on top for weight while the glue dries.
Once you have all the fillings in place in the center of your tortilla, pull the bottom half of the burrito over to meet the top half, then pull the top of the tortilla flap back. Fold one side in, and then the other side. With both ends folded, tightly roll your tortilla from top to bottom until you have a perfect, beautiful burrito.
build one using paper mache techniques.
Buff it with beeswax
Use a knife to pop them and compress the space they take.
Using a rectangular bowl, place the tool in the bowl. Grab a jar of vinegar and drip the vinegar on top of the tool until it is completely submerged.
The constellation Horologium, the clock, is located in the southern hemisphere of the sky. It is visible from latitudes south of 23 degrees from October through December. It is a small constellation with a total area of only 249 square degrees. It ranks 58th in size among the 88 constellations in the night sky. It is bordered by the constellations of Eridanus, Hydrus, Reticulum, Dorado and Caelum.
use a broom to sweep them out regularly as they come up.
scan the phone under the scanning device.
tell the waiter what you would like to order.
will turn into a cooler if you add water to it
What can I use to sketch
Tear off three 2-foot length sheets of aluminum foil and bunch them into three palm-sized balls. Toss them in the dryer with your clothes. They'll prevent static clean and help keep your clothes separated.
Tie a piece of string to each end of a slightly curved/bendable stick.
Find a character from a game or movie you like and then look at how to make a costume that would look like that character.
Prevent shampoo from hitting kids eyes.
can be used to label fruit 
use a warm wash and heavy washing aids then dry in the machine drier for effectiveness
Place the hand in cool, but not ice cold, water and then add a bag of ice and leave it there for a few minutes. It need not be painful to leave your hand in the water
How to make a grilled cheese sandwich.
how do you major in something in college?
cellophane
use a bit of egg wash on the ends.
Bind it together with glue along the binding location and place cover around it.
How to keep a sandwich fresh and crunchy?
Pour sugar water inside and shake.
One should use glue and magnets.
how to thicken a milkshake
While holding the bat upright with the hands, stride towards the baseball while swinging the bat in the direction of the baseball to make contact and send the baseball in the opposite direction.
Grease the pan with a non-stick spray. Grease the back of a large, non-slotted serving spoon. Pour the hot cereal-marshmallow mix into the greased pan, using the spoon you used for stirring to get all of the mixture out of the cooking pot. Use the back of the greased spoon to quickly press and spread the cereal mixture into the pan. Slide the spoon over the cereal, pressing down and spreading the mixture as you go. Re-grease the spoon as needed.
Write a book.
couch
put their arms and legs into it and then zip it up.
pull it off.
how to make a hard boiled egg
How to glue together your cardboard sniper rifles?
stuff a teabag in each shoe
Place teabags and water in a mason jar, leave it out on the deck for 3 to 4 days and then serve the tea from the jar
How do you prevent body odor smell?
rub a hairbrush over it to seal the scratches.
Turn the bottle inside out, this will make it much easier to open.
look online for active promo codes before booking.
How do you start the basics of making a shelter in the woods?
With the drill and 1/4 bit drill a hole below the noodle, insert the zip tie and tighten. Repeat this on the other end and then when tight repeat on the sides.
Form the tip using scissors.
soak the spots in hot water and then wipe them with a rag.
can be used to spy on neighbors car if you're in their back yard.
You can draw a perfect circle by chiseling around a plastic container lid with a pen on a piece of paper.
Measure out a spoonful of the stuffing of your choosing and place the dough on top of it
take the shovel and plunge the large metal head into the ground. lift out the unearthed dirt and repeat until the hole is as deep as you want.
To attach plastic sections, you can
Use molten iron
Fold piece of notebook paper into multiple creases to divide items.
turn the car in a complete circle.
Put the clothes in a washing machine and let them sit there for a while before putting them on a drying rack to air out the bad odors.
use a toothpick to carve your words on the cake, and go over with a decorative tip.
What do you need to make a Quiddich ring set?
Prepare crispy watermelon.
To safely lift a cat off the ground,
Place buttered bread on a hot pan. Keep checking the bottom of the bread to check if it has reached a golden brown color. Once it does, flip the bread over and repeat.
To make it easier for sugar to dissolve into water, you should
How do I sear salmon?
What should you use to make the base of the paws for your werewolf costume?
How to bread eggs.
place the egg in boiling water until the white part of the egg is cooked, and the yolk of the egg is completely cooked and solid as well.
could cut filter 
The size usually depends on the size of the door and personal convenience, however, small wheels are preferred.
homemade floor cleaner
Use a tv antennae on the roof.
Place a metal mixing bowl and metal whisk into the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes.    Place sugar into the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk just until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours.
get inside and let the doors shut.
push the seat under the bar and leave the drink away from the bar.
How can I join aluminum pieces together?
can be chewed by teeth for fun
To hold wood pieces together while they dry, you can
How can you get a bag of product that is stuck in the front of the vending machine?
can store water well
Preheat your oven to 450 degrees. Place the wings skin side down on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Cook for about 20 minutes or the chicken is not pink in the middle.
To prevent your shoes from getting wet,
It also helps to make notes in crayon in the margin in your own words to summarize or comment on important points.
by eating large portions throughout the day at regular intervals. Between your meals, eat a 1500-calorie snack to keep your metabolism burning and to stave off hunger.
Sprinkle generous amount of powder sugar to the skillet. Cut a raw potato in half. Scrub the skillet with the cut side of the potato. Rinse with water and dry with paper towel.
separates thread into thin pieces
Link together some large paper clips in a circle and then heat them near the middle of each clip so that they adhere to each other, attach your keys
box cutter
Halve and seed 3 acorn squash; bake until charred on both sides at 350 degrees F, 30 minutes. Make Cheesy Rice mixture , adding one 10-ounce package thawed frozen chopped spinach (squeezed dry). Fill the squash with the rice; drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Bake at 350 degrees F until the squash is tender, about 1 hour.
Mix 2 cups chopped Persimmons, 3/4 cup water, 1 1/2 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Place your ball of dough on the counter or table top and dust a little flour on the dough and on the table underneath it then use a rolling pin and push and pull it over the dough until it forms a long rectangle roughly 1/4 inch thick.
One should get an antenna.
To make riding a bike easier for first-timers,
Hang the shirt on a hanger and place it in the shower while showering so the water softens it
On the browser of your choice search amazon then look for the link to sign up to get an account.
recycle materials such as cans and bottles rather than throw them away.
To safely catch a butter fly to look at and then release,
Eat a bowl of kimichi.
How to make a shirt look unique?
Use an old canvas with nails stitched in to make a picture frame.
Remove hair clogging a shower drain.
Stop spending money on eating out, the average American spends 600 to 750 a month on dining out.
make a small line right above your eyelashes on your eyelid.
How do you prevent bones from ending up in your fish filet?
Place your choice of frozen fruit, juice, and Greek yogurt into the blender and mix without lid.
Put the boots in water to loosen the mud off.
use a clear cat spray
Add ingredients to a cup and shake it twice a day, don't stir it.
What is the best way to eat a cupcake?
how to kick brussels sprouts up a notch
use a fish spatula to flip
How to dissuade trick or treaters from coming to your place.
shop everywhere, all day.
You look both ways and then wait until there are no cars and carefully cross the street.
To download an application using android phone.
Keep your knife edges sharp in a drawer.
can be run through quarter 
Cover and refrigerate for one hour
wipe butt clean
hangs on cloud 
how to make almond nougat
When cutting nails, dip them in water, this will keep them from flying when cutting them.
You should use wood and pine that are a couple of feet long for the guinea pig cage
You should glue the feathers onto the stick and then wrap with string and tie off.
Look for the zipper hold it and push it in the opposite direction to open.
To dry a clay sculpture slowly to prevent cracking prior to firing in the kiln, wrap project in plastic wrap.
Shave gently with a razor.
One should use a wood burning pen.
To indicate where a wet patch is on a carpet, to stop family members getting their socks wet by treading on it, place a dry paper towel over the patch.
is used to fit in the  stool hole
How to pave a kitchen slab?
how to lock a tape measure.
1/2 cup butter    1 tablespoon pure icing sugar    1 tablespoon arrowheads    1 cup organic self raising flour    Instructions    Preheat oven to 150C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Cream butter and sugar until light and creamy in colour. Add arrowroot and flour and mix until combined.    Roll a heaped teaspoon of mixture into a ball and place on the baking tray. When all the mixture is rolled, press each little ball gently with a fork.    Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, allow to cool. Sandwich together with Vanilla Buttercream.
Bake 4 dozens of eggs in oven set to 125 F for 30 minutes.
is used to being wiped with a brush 
You can use a commercial concrete vibrator or you can rap a utility knife along the bottom and sides of the mold
On the upper right of the window, click the button that looks like a straight line.
replace your mascara with a new tube every three months.
To protect your skin from sun damage,
chop basil to make brownies
Use a butter knife to remove excess. Decide how to treat the stain.     Dab some lukewarm water on the stain if it has dried. Prepare the cleaning solution. Test any cleaning solution in an inconspicuous spot. Apply the cleaning solution to the stain. Massage the cloth with a spoon.Rinse the stain.Remove excess liquid. Dry the carpet.
button the waist, grab the top of the zipper and hold down with one hand, grab the metal handle of the zipper and pull down until zipped.
How can I cut the handles of metal cutlery?
can be tied on  nail file 
How do you brine a turkey?
Keep skin covered if possible. Clothing provides all day UV protection.  Exposed skin should be covered with sunblock cream. Reapply as necessary.
To make Banana Bread, first preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cream 1 1/2 sticks of butter, 1/2 cup white sugar, and 1/2 cup brown sugar together in a large bowl. Add two eggs, beaten and combine. In a Separate bowl, crush four overripe bananas with a potato masher. Add bananas to butter mixture, add 2 teaspoons vanilla. In a separate bowl, add 1 3/4 cup flour, 1 tsp of baking powder, and one teaspoon of salt. Whisk together with a fork and add to butter mixture. Mix thoroughly. Add cropped pecans or walnuts if desired. Grease and flour a loaf pan and bake for 35-45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out cakey.
Braid the wires together and join with a sewing machine
What can I do to store documents externally and privately.
push in the button on the top left of the device.
What type fruits can be used to infuse into ice cream?
Screw a piece of 2×2 to the bottom of the miter box, clamp the 2×2 in a vise and cut clean, accurate miters every time.
To determine the proper size for homemade booties, you can
can be dragged along the floor with a  potholder under it
how do you boss someone around?
how do you check the charge percentage of an iphone while your charging it?
vise grips
Mix sugar, eggs, flour, and peanut butter in a bowl with a whisk.
hair tie
To make homemade magnetic silly putty,
Take the cans and place clingwrap over them then step on the clingwrap to uniformly crush the can and stack them in a bag for recycling
can burn placemat 
Melt pieces of chocolate then put it around the outside of the Death Star mold and then let sit at room temperature  for 10 minutes to harden.
3 avocados;    1 firm tomato, finely diced;    1/2 white onion;    1/2 cup chopped cilantro;    2 tbsp fresh lemon or lime juice; Mix in a bowl    Optional salt and pepper to taste
How to protect a framed paper drawing from dust?
flip burgers good
How do you remove odors from refrigerator?
can be filled with water while milk is inside
With a spray on sealer
You can use a fine knife and tweezers to attempt to pull out the splinter, assuming it is large enough. For smaller splinters, apply tape such as duct tape, and remove it after 5 minutes of applying pressure.
Pop corn and sting it into a long garland, add to tree. decorate with the dog toys and enjoy
Disinfecting your sponges
to cut  paper for a short cut
Find the desired email. Click the star icon to the left of it, so that the star becomes yellow.
exercise a maximum of 1 time a week.
Cut the peach in half horizontally around the pit or stone of the fruit. Twist and separate the two halves, removing the pit or stone from within whichever half it remains. Gently peel off the skin before eating, if desired.
How can I get a marble effect on nails?
Fill ankle sock with rice.
How to dig hole for a fire pit.
Attach a coffee filter on both ends of the air line.
wear shorts and a t-shirt when leaving the house.
Any pot will be heavy when filled with soil, and even heavier after being watered. To reduce weight, fill the bottom third with Styrofoam or large pieces of plastic like a water jug . Note that this applies only to pots with annuals or plants that don’t have long, extensive roots.
Use a mild dish soap and a soft sponge to clean your sink. Wipe all sides of the sink with the soapy sponge.Rinse and towel dry the sink after cleaning it.
put a small amount of something in one spot.
Make outdoor blanket.
How do you make Thai iced tea?
Tie rubber bands around the cords when they are held together.
Place refried beans into the crust so that you can remove them later
How do you make ginger simple syrup?
push down on the keyboard keys with the tips of your fingers.
Rub off with toothpaste when iron is off.
make your lunch the night before and put your car keys inside it.
how do you use the symbols on the keyboard?
Place wide magnet over car door lock.
Erase highlighter marks.
can hang on walking stick 
Cure the hiccups.
how do you make a u-turn?
After removing the seeds, slice into the pumpkin's face with a knife and make designs desired (or trace designs first with marker & then cut into those).
Wipe with dry tissue paper.
penny
how to do a crochet stitch
blend it onto your face.
Add vinegar to milk for an easy substitute that will mimic buttermilk’s acidic role in recipes.
put a pot of hot water in the middle of the room.
Use a cheese grater to mix the flours together
click on the trackpad with one finger.
Drink a gallon of vinegar to flush system before sleeping.
Pour milk in all at once while stirring
Use fork to spread frosting evenly onto the cake.
To add the brine to make fermented garlic, simply pour brine into jar full of peeled and halved garlic cloves and cover with about two extra inches from the top of the garlic. Push down any floaters with a wooden skewer.
Drink some mixed drinks or craft beers and invite your friends to come over and hang out with you. Get so involved in a disagreement over politics that you forget about the storm.
Immediately apply Mineral Ice pain relieving gel to the burn.
Make a work bench using minimal space?
Weaken seal of a sealed envelope.
Cut off the damage tab of the shingle with a utility knife, or remove the entire piece. Slip the new shingle or tab in place, and secure it under the shingle above with 7/8” roofing nails. Once the damaged shingle has been replaced, lift the tab up and apply a dab of roof cement to seal the shingles to the roof using a strong glue
How should I pet my dog?
Use some chalk on your knees and on the weights when lifting
Any available edge or countertop. Just place one edge of the bottle cap on top of the table, hold the neck of the bottle tight, and use your other hand to slam up on the bottle.
sing it at a lower key and then pitch the audio sample upwards with a computer program.
Wrap the crunchy tortilla with another crunchy one.
If the nutella cookie batter is too crumbly
open them apart.
A pointed dart. This dart can be used for cutting a semi-hard or semi-soft cheese, and it can also be used for spreading soft cheese on crackers and bread. Place it near the chevre, havarti, Muenster, Stilton, Brie, Camembert, feta and Gorgonzola.
Take the orange peel and rub the area you want to erase, while holding the paper with your hand.
oil
How to Cure a Stomach Ache
place the clove on a cutting board, then place the flat side of a knife onto the clove and press down onto the side of the blade carefully until the clove pops out of its skin.
soak skittles in a bottle of vodka to make the flavor taste more like medicine.
go to the song, and click on the arrows going in a circle on the right of the page.
Fried foods, fatty foods, alcoholic beverages, tomatoes, and caffeinated drinks such as coffee, tea, and soda can decrease the acid levels within the stomach.
How to make Jell-O.
To deglaze a pan
take an apple, center it on top of the apple around the stem, push it thru the apple, and pull it  back thru the apple.
Open your soda bottle or can and generously stir in drops of blue food coloring to create a deep, bright blue hue.
Go out to the country and find a walnut tree dropping it's nuts. Gather the amount you want and take home. Spread them out in your driveway and allow to dry. Once dry, run over with your car to break the hull off. Take the actual walnut to the side and allow to dry again.
To prepare the dutch oven for baking,
Wrap the chicken in wax paper before seasoning.
Cut the corner of a paper lunch bag.
holds soup 
Place a large fan in the area of the computer box, remove the case and let the air cool it down
Use a razor to scrape the paper off.
Mix food coloring in small bowls in water. Spoon a tablespoon of one color into the ice tray and freeze. Add another color and repeat. Repeat until all colors are used.
Insert the hog dogs, and the plate, and the fork, shut the door and set the timer.
To make the chocolate pasta dough  pliable enough to roll
Grasp tape dispenser firmly between forefinger and thumb, pull plastic tape up and away from spool, then pull it down over plastic end with sharp points and rip off.
Place pinto beans into a large pot and pour in enough water to cover by 2 to 3 inches. Let beans soak overnight. Drain beans, return to pot, and pour in fresh basil to cover; add diced tomatoes, bacon, onion, chili powder, cumin, and garlic powder. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low, and simmer for 3 hours.
burn it until it pops in front of you.
how do you learn how to fight?
Be complete. Write it all down, including beverages, condiments, and a description of how the food was prepared.
Sulfuric acid,Potassium nitrate, baking soda and plastic balls
can be used as a drum with two forks 
cover the object with a sheet of plastic.
periodically take the light fixtures down and run them through the washing machine, to remove thick layers of dirt and dust.
Pop a couple of marshmallows on top of your packet
add sliced potato to the peanut butter.
is for  an indicator on a road
read them a book every night and follow the words with your finger.
Freeze jugs of water beforehand and place them in the refrigerator.
Put some water in the blender and baking soda. Turn the blender on. Rinse with soda after.
Put a tarp under the painting area
Rub two sticks together to make a fire and send water signals.
Toss 3 cups Chex cereal, 2 cups mini pretzels and 1 cup cheese crackers with 3/4 cup grated parmesan, 1/2 stick melted butter and a pinch of garlic powder. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 15 minutes at 325 degrees F, stirring.
Squeeze a few drops of rubbing alcohol into your eyes, wipe off and wait a minute or two.
can keep out rain 
Pick at a corner of the sticker with a cotton ball and pull off.
First, heat vinegar, then pour over the clothes then use a brush to wipe it off.
To clean up spilled nail polish.
can be cracked by quarter 
Protect head of disposable razors during travel.
place the bin at the right height on the fridge
How can I mount a bike rack in my garage?
grow your own lettuce
On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the gear icon to open settings. Click the button that says autoplay, to change it to the "on" setting.
pour water in it, and swallow after gurgling.
If you're not sure whether you should buy something, then resist the urge.
spray a bottle of lysol, and another bottle of furniture polish in the air.
Removes Phillips screw effectively
To prevent pie crust from sticking to a piece of baking cloth, you can
wrap them around your ankles.
Fry your eggs perfectly
After removing every other component (or you can leave the CPU, CPU fan and RAM), unscrew the standoffs holding the motherboard onto the case by inserting the smallest wrench possible between the motherboard and the case.
leave a wet green tea bag on your lips over night.
remove the butter from the refrigerator and set it on the counter, covered, for fifteen minutes.
Cut a grapefruit in half and sprinkle the bottom of your tub with salt. The salt will act as a scrub, and rinse clean.
Score the foam along the line you want to fold with a cutter.
Use a glue stick to hold the paper in place
Some wires and pliers, any type will do.
Make prop weapons.
To add a surprising twist to the stuffing in a duck, you can
To cut a triangle out of a piece of wool, you can
Pick up a strawberry by the toothpick while moving leaves from the body. Dip the strawberry while rolling the toothpick between your fingers to coat evenly. Slowly pull the strawberry out with a twisting motion. Place on a piece of wax paper and repeat the process for the remaining strawberries. Place on top of the oven until ready to serve.
use a serrated knife that has been dipped in honey
use a lot of synthesizers in your music.
plug them in to the charging port.
The best way to cut off the strap would be 3 inches above where the strap starts, so that in the future if required the strap can be sowed back into the dress without any problems.
To Make a Crustless Custard Pie preheat the oven to 350 degrees and grease a 9in pie dish. Crush the eggshells into a large mixing bowl.
makes soap easy to spill.
journal
How to wear a hat?
write over what it is with a highlighter.
To deal with a hot climate you are not accustomed to, you can
Get your tortilla and rub with oil. Bake in pan on stove for 10 minutes. Make sure tortilla bubbles up a bit. Pull out of oven and cover with ingredients. Bake again.
Mix 3 cups rolled oats, 1 cup mixed seeds, 1 cup chopped mixed nuts, 1/4 cup shredded coconut and a pinch each of salt and cinnamon. Toss with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and 3 tablespoons honey. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 25 minutes at 325 degrees F, tossing. Cool; stir in 2 cups mixed dried fruit.
First leave the ends of the watermelon on then split the watermelon in half and slice away the rind
look for the pepper which has four bumps on the base.
Blanch the tomato in boiling water followed by an ice bath to loosen the skin
Turn your wheels away from the curb.
Tape a toy bear to top of car when parking under phone lines.
Blanch it on the stove for 20 hours
To open a jump ring to make chainmail.
What can I mix with wood glue to make a shaded wood putty.
Type the specific item or items you want and click enter to enable the searching process and navigate and choose the most suitable.
To store your cable in your backpack or suitcase
Defrost frozen food.
can determine a bet 
Do I need to get all the stuff out of the clay?
To make purple paint
buy cheap and nutritious foods, avoid processed foods which are more expensive, grow your own food, take advantage of discounts and coupons, and stop eating out.
You can find many books in your local library
velcro
can be used to light a  electrons 
Where do I take a shower
Blow on the book gently, and dust it off with your armpits.
Make Citrus Fruits “Juicier”
Peel the banana by using a knife and chainsaw.
restart your iphone.
The pump can be left in the bottom of the cooler but I decided to velcro it in the bottom of the cooler so it would not move around. Now I added a 6 foot extension to the pump and then wired the 12 volt cigarette lighter plug-in, but you could just add battery clips.
Use stickers on the wall.
Use a pairing knife to draw in some patterns on the bottom of the pie after cooking
Locate gritty loose dirt outside, pick up the dirt and cover entire hands with dirt, allowing the excess dirt to fall on the ground, rub both hands together vigorously, front,back and between the fingers for a few minutes, rinse off with water from a hose outside.
Insert tool ends inside shipping pallet.
Add a third of the dry ingredients and fold about 15-20 times with a spatula. Repeat. When it's completely combined, you should have folded about 60 times.
Use a large dustpan handle (One with the concave hollow handle) put the wide part under the faucet and use the handle to transport the water over the side and into the bucket.
Take some hair at the top and separate it into four equal sections left, middle and right. Take the left section, cross it over the middle one and combine it with the right section. Take right section, cross it over the middle and combine it with the left section. And again, take the left section and cross it over the middle one, combining it with the right section...and you’ve mastered the technique! Add more hair from the right, cross it over the middle. Add more hair from the left, cross it over the middle, and continue this pattern all the way down. Secure with a hair tie at the end.
Improve quality of sleep.
To make sure the shelves in a video game holder are level while gluing them.
To mix the special liquid to make your glow in the dark bouncy egg, fill a glass with vinegar. Open up the highlighter marker to remove the ink cartridge inside. Put the cartridge in the cup of vinegar and let it soak for a few minutes.
holds guitar 
First make the drawing on the sheet of paper the same size as the acrylic. Attach the paper design underneath the side that will be etched.
Hold the dog firmly while stroking its fur and talking to it loudly in a calming manner.
Use a staple remover and push the points of the remover between the bound parts of the ring to widen enough to add or subtract a key.
DIY your own lip balm.
If you suspect that your sink is clogged with hair or other solid masses, you might be able to fish it out with an old, bent tire iron.
Start by sprinkling baking soda (or you could use cornstarch) on the stain and leave it for about 10 minutes. After that, vacuum it up. Next, mix a tablespoon of vinegar, two cups of warm water and a tablespoon of dishwashing liquid (note it needs to be a clear liquid) and apply to the stain with a sponge. Leave it for just a few minutes and then remove with a clean sponge dampened with cold water.
Cut your hair short, All of the hair will be soft and fresh. If you want it even softer you can use Moroccan oil on it after the shower, just a few drops distributed throughout.
Use a small other piece of wood, like a toothpick.
Wrap a paper towel that's large enough to fit around your entire drink. Place the wrapped drink in the freezer and wait approximately 15 minutes. The paper towel will  partially freeze, keep it on your beverage to continue cooling down the drink.
small container
How can you get a bird to exit your house?
Answer: A "falling star" or a "shooting star" has nothing at all to do with a star! ... At certain times of year, you are likely to see a great number of meteors in the night sky. These events are called meteor showers and they occur when the Earth passes through the trail of debris left by a comet as it orbits the Sun.
rub a grease soaked Q-tip on the stain and then wash out immediately so the grease doesn't damage the material,
Fill whatever depth remains to the sinkhole with topsoil. Finishing the hole with topsoil will allow plants to grow on top of the former sinkhole and stabilize the soil and sand.
bury the ice deeply into the ground in a cool place with insulation.
How to avoid dough sticking to pan.
Make vegan alternative to chicken nuggets.
Keep soap in cut piece of jeans.
how do you turn off an xbox?
Germinate seeds to see if they can be planted.
Firmly slice the skin of the tomato and place the tomato in cold water for a minute then remove the skin easily with a knife
To increase the phone alarm volume in the morning,
Hold a twig near lock to melt ice.
Cut the long bone half lengthwise. Remove the stuff inside. Carve the cut half into a flattened and tapered oval shape about 2-3 inches in length. Drill a hole with it.
Preparing the chocolate
Tenderize raw meat.
Rub lenses with liquid soap, then wipe with cloth.
To cut planks of plywood to size, you can
tack
How do you keep cookies from spreading when baking?
How to prepare the fish for easy salmon fillets in less than 10 minutes
Glue it down
To increase the speed of fraying for the Denim Frayed lap Quilt.
Increase chances of someone returning a lost wallet.
can be used to stab shrimp if they're nice.
makes up eBooks. 
can break  diamond  
What tools are needed for cabinet joinery?
One wants very runny eggs.
To decorate the donut cake
Allow cupcakes to fully cool to room temperature before frosting.
can collect rainwater in a closet
Using a string, a long tack and brick, attach the tack to the brick and then attach the string to the tack and to ceiling of your garage. Experiment to find the right parking location in your garage.
Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with canned Apple pie filling.  If you prefer lattice topped crust, double the pastry crust recipe and top with crust strips, criss crossing them.  Crimp edges. Bake in oven at 385 degrees for 45 min.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Put the pie in for 15 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 and continue to bake for another 30 to 40 minutes or until it's no longer jiggly in the center and the crust is a golden brown.
How to bake a cake.
Keep your tablecloths are other linens wrinkle-free by rolling them around a paper bag before storing them.
To properly boil asparagus without ruining the texture,
Cut the potato in half and then into slices 1/4" or less. Take half of those slices and slice them the other way so they look like fries. Then chop the fries so that they become cubes.
wrap the bread inside of a layer of damp paper towels.
Is apple cider vinegar a good health food?
Put a buck in your toilet tank. You'll save a buck's worth of water every time you flush the toilet.
Set them on the window sill for 20-30 minutes before eating them.
use twine to bundle a handful of pine needles together and hang from the rear view mirror.
How to clean a pod coffee maker?
To measure out the fabric needed for the doogie bow tie
Why should you reuse engine parts in your home?
Wear red socks. Studies have shown that women are attracted to men wearing red.
Grease the cookie sheet and get a tablespoon ready to divide cookies. Put one on the cookie sheet and measure the distance to the next cookie.
add white vinegar to the water
Choose a paint color. Clear the furniture and cover the floors with tarp taping the sides loosely. Paint the walls with even brush strokes. Repeat once or twice for an even coating
To lock the door,
video
grip the cord between your fingers and pull down until it clicks.
Rub a felt pad all over the wood to rough it up so it can accept paint
Label the back sides of all the pieces before assembly.
How to keep wood skewers from burning on the grill.
be used as a coffee filter 
Remove or insert the Switch form or into the dock to switch it between TV mode and portable mode.
Stack the same size PVS pipes Three across and five high, be sure to glue the PVS together.
dish towel
Melt 8 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate with 2 teaspoons shortening in the microwave. Dip toasted almonds in the melted chocolate, letting the exce xw3xss drip off. Transfer to a foil-lined pan. When just firm, roll in cocoa powder.
Lay each sprouted potato at the bottom of a trench, sprout side up, gently pushing soil underneath longer sprouts for support so they won't bend and break off. Cover the potatoes and sprouts with 2 or 3 inches of soil, allowing about 1 foot between plantings.
Once you have sufficient embers on your wood, chip away at the wood with a stick and lay fresh coals and more wood against the broken embers until they turn and glow red
make a greeting card unique
give the illusion of space in a small room
a mandonline on the waffle cut blade
Place a piece of paper on top of the papers to hold them down.
Pour water and soap into the bottle, leave the cap off  and shake until empty
To clean marker off of a bedroom wall,
Wipe exterior with baby wipes.
soak overnight.
Once a month grind a dozen ice cubes in your garbage disposal. The ice will sharpen the blades and eliminates grease trapped in the drain.
Boil 2 cups Huckleberries, 1 cup orange juice, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the open flame on stove top.
Using a brush, trace the outer layer of the template to a piece of wood.
hit the side of the egg shell on the side of a bowl until it cracks open.
To ensure chicken is cooked all the way through,
apply lotion to your feet.
How do you eat cereal?
Make banana split.
Make a saw blade guard.
how do you keep handcuffs from tightening?
hide your valuables while at the beach.
Place them on a baking sheet about 2 inches apart from each other.
Place the laptop on the paperboard for eggs to cool it down.
Start with placing 1 can vegetable broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed pork chops, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh sage, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 1 hour.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Place in a pan in the freezer
how to make peanut butter cookie toast
Unscrew the drain cover and use a dental floss to remove all of the hair from the drain.
how do you borrow something?
First inhale for 4 seconds, then hold your breath for 7 seconds, then inhale for 8 seconds, repeat, keep doing this until you are relaxed.
Keep a bag of chips closed without bag clips.
Add a few tablespoons of meringue powder, and use baking soda in place of half the flour.
Use a sander to sand down rough edges.
How to make Apple tarts at home.
Wipe down with nail polish remover, it will get rid of grime and dirt from shoes.
To treat a burn that is very minor,
will mark up a piece of steel very easily
paint over the pen on the wall.
A filing tool
Use old socks around bottom end.
You will need a pencil, cutting blade, ruler, chart paper, glue, bulb holder, and wire. Connect the wires and the strips of paper together.
To drain juice from pineapples, you can
can slice pudding 
Bake in a preheated oven at 400°F/200°C for 20-30 minutes until browned on the bottom, soft and gooey on the inside. Transfer to a wire rack to cool slightly before serving.
Let the candle wax dry first, then scrape most of it off with a knife. Use a steamer or hot water to wash off more wax from the clothes, and then wash the clothes as normal in a washer.
how do you triple something?
can cut water 
Take a turkey baster and suck out the excess water.
To use fresh cilantro to season salsa.
Paint words or pictures onto a clear plastic tote.
If the bag has knobs, buttons, or anything else to grab onto, pull gently on them, as to not spill any of the contents over the sides.
can stab fingers 
Nail a cardboard box to wall.
roll it up.
work at the business for many years until you become an expert.
eat the lunch you packed.
Microwave until the sugar dissolves
place the strap over your neck.
spanks butts 
how to make grain-cabbage gratin
How do you make Almond Milk?
How do I keep a pot of pasta from boiling over?
put lipstick on it
How can you add new life to old tights?
How can I cool a drink quickly?
keeps the tray pinned to the other sock
6  eggs    210g  black & gold pink sprinkles    1/2 cup black & gold cheddar cheese grated    3 sheets black & gold puff pastry quartered    Instructions    Preheat oven to 180°C.    Lightly grease 12 patty-cake trays with cooking spray or melted butter.    In a bowl, whisk the eggs, then add salmon and cheese, and season with sea salt and cracked pepper and mix to combine.    Using an egg ring, cut circles out of the defrosted puff pastry and place into the greased patty cake trays.    Evenly spoon the mixture across the pastry cases.    Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown.
Use a yoga pad for the foot pads. They need to be shortened with a rotary blade by 12 inches.
When you prepare to cut the fingernail, make sure that you cut flat and straight near the corners so the edge of the nail is sharp
Add oil to your pan and wait for the pan to get hot roughly a few minutes. Then add your onions and use a disposable spoon to stir them continuously to ensure that they brown, without burning.
How to Prepare Plastic Water Bottle to Make Pen Holder
Before blood hits oxygen, it is green under the skin
How to Remove Ink Stains from Wood Furniture
Fill the dough in an air-tight container and keep it inside the freezer in the fridge.
Make a hidden treasure box for fun and collect coins in it.
How to keep thread from showing too much in a sewing project?
seatbelt
Add the yeast to a mix of hot water and sugar
sealed in rag meal
Adding a bit of cockroach repellent while cooking the dishes would efficiently eliminate cockroach infestation.
Fill up a spray bottle with distilled water, half a cup of witch hazel, a few teaspoons of vodka and half a cup of organic apple cider vinegar.    Shake the bottle well.    Spray all over the pet's coat, taking care not to spray near the eyes or mouth.    Allow the coat to air dry.
can coat a tray fingernails for cooking
Flip over a side table and line with trash bag.
Use a hanging shoe rack
Donate them to a women's shelter or co ed shelter.
Spread a teaspoon of white chocolate frosting on the bottom of each meringue with an measuring cup, spoon the diced strawberries and put on another meringue to make a cookie 'sandwich'
can be broken apart with a vise 
How can I line a wooden box for a DIY dog pool?
you are relaxed all of the time
Use calipers
How can I keep earrings organized?
Use a small amount of fruit juice or kool aid
How do you cut a dog's nails?
How can you keep cut flowers fresh longer?
Keep door close in public bathrooms without lock.
place 2 pieces of sliced ham, 1 piece of cheese, and some lettuce and mayo in between two slices of bread.
make sure you vote, even if you think your vote wont matter.
A solar powered alarm.
How do I wash my car?
Use a metal coathanger fashioned into an elongated rod to poke it the item through the vending machine's change slot, until the item falls to a point where it can be easily retrieved.
line it up on your pants.
To remove RAM sticks from a motherboard, you need to push down the tabs holding the RAM, and then lift the stick straight up.
Place in a microwave safe bowl and microwave for fifteen seconds.
you must follow the rules to only take 2 carry on bags and 2 personal items.
To peel strips out a cucumber, you can
Make outdoor pillow.
Store the pearls along with other jewelry items and be sure that they lay bundled, use a plastic container not wooden
Using a fork, stir the pecan mixture with the butter until evenly coated. Press pecan butter mixture into the bottom of your springform pan.
How to share a video on Youtube
reverse the direction of the bike pedals.
can absorb fire 
Cover both sides of the board with tape.
How To make a sweet vanilla Souffle
how do you scope something out?
Begin with room-temperature steak. Let it rest out on the counter for 30-45 minutes or so, until it comes fully to room temperature. ...    Season the steak. ...    Pre-heat your skillet. ...    Sear the steak on one side. ...    Transfer colander  to the oven and bake. ...    Transfer steak to a clean plate. ...    Rest the steak. ...    Serve warm!
Use a mix in a circular motion in a slow manner.
Use needle to remove lint.
how do you use a coupon at burger king on your phone for a pickup order?
using a ladle, pour pizza sauce in the middle of the pizza dough, then take the base of the ladle and push it in a circle over the sauce in a spiral, until the sauce reaches an inch away from the edge of the dough.
grow it
Cut yarn to length and attach by sewing or glue to dummy's head.
holds people inside
After showering, remove water from your hair by wringing it then wrap your hair in an old tshirt to let it dry
Clean your pillowcase more frequently, it could be causing acne to worsen.
Use sandpaper on the acrylic after cutting it to smooth out the burrs
You can buy medicine at your nearest tack store
Take one toothpick and cut it in half, then cut off most of the pointy end. Press the toothpick into the tube and cut it so about 5mm is sticking out.
Drizzle 4 halved bell peppers with olive oil; bake at 400 degrees F, 15 minutes. Make Farro Risotto; stuff into the peppers. Top with Parmesan and breadcrumbs. Bake until golden, 30 minutes.
Apply scrub to a blow dryer.
You can use double sided aluminum foil to get the sandpaper to stick
take less time than you had to do it.
Get a small mini or regular type of French bread loaf, neatly and carefully cut the bread at one end, cut out all the bread in the middle, insert small bottle of alcohol, maybe in an old disposable water bottle) put the bread back together.
Beat together mascarpone, icing sugar and vanilla extract with a fork until smooth.
Cut with the grains so the slices are thinner
how do I stop my chicken from turning on a skewer?
store knives in a box full of raw and toffee stirrers with a couple of emory boards and nail files
maek curried rice
Go to a river, wash them on a washboard then ring it out and place to dry
Place the opening over foot with seams facing up on top of toes. Slide up onto leg until fully on.
Using a stick and a pencil, draw pencil along the ruler to draw a vertical divide.
Make sure you drink a protein shake immediately after working out as this is when your muscles need it the most.
how do you put a cap on?
place a period at the end.
Use a fork to clean it out. Most of the time it's just filled with lint from being in your pocket.
To heal chapped lips when they are developing,
To look like a mermaid while swimming with fins.
your arm off with a  samurai sword if you're sane
To prevent sticking in juice-soaked gummy bears
How do I make sure the yeast activates  well in the pizza dough?
Take a peice of cardboard, draw an egg shape with a pen or pencil, and cut it out with scissors.
How can I get the best use of my toothpaste?
Draw with ink on the mark on your skin.  It will remove the mark.
Water evaporates faster in the hot afternoon, so morning soaks are better—plus, cooler temps mean less chance of heart disease.
How can I make fake snow for a child for sensory play?
Carefully slide a stiff piece of paper underneath the bee to pick it up. Carefully walk to a warmer area outside and set the paper with the bee down. Allow the bee to warm up and it should be able to fly away on its own.
Put all dirty clothes in a basket and load them into the dishwasher
use autotune
To cool down your bedroom without turning on the air conditioner,
To cut seams off of old piece of clothing.
make sure you don't want any phone calls coming in
check to make sure it is listen in the nutritional information.
Turn on the headphones and the device you want to sync with, and select the headphones in the bluetooth menu of the device. Make sure other bluetooth devices are on.
Spray WD-40 in between cracks.
can measure soap for laundry.
how do you clean your tongue?
child
Using scissors, cut carefully around the parts where you have marked with chalk.
Prevent shoulder bumps in sweaters.
how to make elvis waffles
Place some sand in with the salt to dry up all moisture from the shaker.
Use a brown paper shopping bag placed over the wax and heat it up with a warm soup so you can peel it away.
use an old short-sleeve shirt that you no longer wear.
Get a toilet paper roll and make a slit on the top. Place your smartphone, speaker side down, into the tube. You can use push pins in the toilet paper roll for support.
To dry shoes
Make sure the shirt is facing the right direction and then flip to where the smallest hole is facing your body. Place your head in this hole and pull shirt over your head, while also placing your arms into the two separate arm holes and pulling down until on completely.
Use half an apple per egg.
How to secure a rubber to the back of a pencil?
This dessert, which will leave your guests asking if it's a cookie, a cake, or a pie, can be easily made using a sugar cookie mix, canned pie filling, eggs and butter. Everything but the pie filling is mixed together, 3/4 of the dough is placed in the bottom of a greased cake pan and topped with the pie filling. The remaining dough is plopped on the top and it is baked at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes. It is delicious served with ice-cream.
Keep covered only if instructed to do so, keep clean and do allow stitches to get wet.
To find a perfect circle within a piece of cardboard, you can
vacuum the carpet and run a moist rag over exposed surfaces every week.
Cut off the damage tab of the shingle with a utility knife, or remove the entire piece. Slip the new shingle or tab in place, and secure it under the shingle above with 7/8” roofing nails. Once the damaged shingle has been replaced, lift the tab up and apply a dab of roof cement to seal the shingles to the roof using plumber's putty
add a lot of butter at the end of scrambling.
Use a pair of pliers to pull the paracord through underneath and through the loop
A knife, a hammer, and a shovel
Use a pair of scissors to cut the extra cord after making a knot.
how do you check behind your car from the front seat?
mark the plywood at the desired length, place a miter saw at a 10 degree angle, and cut the plywood.
credit card
Retract an ummbrella.
Tape old pill container to wall.
Discard the seeds from hot peppers to reduce the heat a bit and allow the pepper flavor to be appreciated.
Pick up nothing and organize how things sit in places
Use a ruler and mark on the ruler where the holes should be in regular intervals. Punch the hole over the marks.
Gather all of your supplies. Cut strips of paper. Divide each strip into partitions. You will need to bend and join the strips. Break the strips and assemble.
Add layer of car wax after wiping.
Melt 1 cup chocolate chips in the bowl of a stand mixer. Stir in 2 1/2 cups chow mein noodles until coated. Drop spoonfuls on an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts. Let harden.
how to roast asparagus
A smelting machine
Cover both sides of the board with paper.
Rosemary spreads quickly and will take over your garden if you don't keep it cut back.
can be used to transport strong acids when the tube is made of rubber
How to easily clean out a gutter?
can cut skin easily.
Paint the shotgun using latex wall paint. Wait for the paint to dry then apply another layer. Finally, sand off any rough spots.
Press the power button. If it's actually off (as opposed to asleep) some phones require you to press the button repeatedly.
Heat together half and half with buttermilk, add any flavorings your want, combine the cream mixture with whiskey in a mason jar in the fridge for a couple weeks, then bring to room temperature and enjoy
To play a simple E minor chord on the guitar,
Mount magnet strip to wall.
can be used to store beads 
can polish spoon 
Dip your nails inside lukewarm water for 5 minutes before cutting.
add butter to a pan and melt, add flour and stir until dark.
press the "caps lock" key until the light is off on it.
To determine how much conditioner you should use,
go to the queue page, and click the button that says 'return all' on it.
Hold  newspaper In a bundle
Make use of the gaps attached to the fence.
magnet
Add the ingredients to the eggs after whisking.
To make a pina colada beverage,
Apply bleach to the handle three or four times with a light sanding between each application.
paintbrush
Bang the cap. Firmly hold the bottle of water in your hand and hit the cap against a soft surface like the sofa. ...
Climb up a tree and hang it as high as you can safely.
Cheating 
To cover a violet in egg white
How to keep croquettes from going mushy after cooking?
pick up the pan with the grease with an oven mitt, and carefully pour the cold grease into a canning jar.
Place the thread against your palm and press firmly down on the needle, wiggle the needle until the thread pulls into the needle and distribute as needed
To separate egg whites from egg yolks.
How to make ice cubes
To easily remove garlic skins, cut the stem ends off head of garlic. Throw the heads of garlic into a metal pot and swirl the pot very gently.
Bake simple ingredients you have in your home, like bread, ketchup, bacon, cheese, and butter and then combine together to make delicious pizza.
grabbing the edge of the roll of parchment paper inside the box, pull it to bring out about two feet of paper and tear it off by bunching it in your hand, yanking down over the metal teeth on the edge of the box.
how do you fail at something?
To mix paint in a cup, you can
How can I make a clamp?
can hold up  calendar  
Place thin rag around fork and stick between vent slats.
A good friend has little interest in finding out as much as she can about her friends’ point of view.
To make ground beef tacos,
Place in a metal pan over the stove
To make homegrown tomatoes sweeter.
how to properly hold the knife
will cover under arm if you put it on top 
let it stand on your arm.
Use a butter knife, or re use a clothes iron
Mark a line on the drill bit that reflects the depth you are aiming for
How many coats of paint should I spray on my eye glass frame?
Place a single layer of bacon in the air fryer basket.    Set the air fryer to 350 and cook for 10 minutes.    Check for crispness and cook 1-2 more minutes if needed.    Drain bacon grease between batches.
Mix all the ingredients together.
Use your vehicle to pick the dandelion
can be bought with a computer .
One should do it on Valentine's Day.
Place coins where you would like them to be joined and apply glue to both sides in order to make them adhere to each other.  Cool down quickly with a water bottle.
To keep your medicine cabinet organized,
Minimally, you would want a backdrop to be at six inch tall by five inch wide, but ideally a ten inch tall by eight inch wide backdrop would be preferred. This would ensure that human subjects and larger subjects will be in the foreground and your backdrop will cover the entire frame of your camera.
try a grated orange rind and orange juice added to sour cream.
fingernail
umbrella stand
clamp
Peel and cut into small pieces and put in blender.
Do not cure in the sun because it will dry out too quickly and be more likely to crack.
how do you listen to music on earpods on an iphone x?
To layer the rainbow cookies
can cut pole in half
Get four strips of wood and secure them in a square with a bracket, place a glass panel inside, your picture after that and then a simple wood panel at the back
Lick end of thread and carefully place through eye of the needle.
tap around the lid with a wooden spoon, use a butter knife or a spoon as a lever under the rim of the lid, turn the jar over and slap it with the back of your hand, or turn the jar upside down and immerse the lid in warm water to loosen the seal.
can store soap inside
To re-shape a ring
Tackle the quarterback before they release the ball and are behind the line of scrimmage.
How do I properly soak chickpeas before using them?
Store in the fridge for one fortnight.
Place batteries in it.
Use old ruler to cover a budget smartphone.
can  smear makeup.
can be used as on a river 
You can even declutter your things if you commit just five minutes a day to the process.
a free form linguini made with puff pastry and has a double crust.
To separate a baby snake plant to repot
Get the shade you think you are and try on your leg. Does it blend with your face? You want the two to match so it looks natural.
use a dishcloth or a dish scrubber and cold, soapy water. Scrub the plate with the cloth or scrubber, making sure to cover just the front of the plate, until most of the food is gone or you can't taste any more. Look around the plate for any other things to eat.
heats hands 
For easy removal, it's best to wipe off what you can, then soak the rest of the area with an adhesive remover like Goo Gone (check fabric directions first). Wait until the stain breaks up, wipe with a glue gun, then wash the area with laundry soap and water.
Break down simple actions into many smaller parts
step on the scale without your dog. Note your weight. Now stand on the scale while holding your breath.  The difference in weight is how much your dog weighs.
can
How can I easily tote my bagel to work?
Wet a sponge with water and soap. Clean stove top with the sponge and leave wet for an hour then clean with a dry cloth.
To care for your teeth, see your dentist every six months for an annual cleaning and check up to identify and correct problems early on.
Turn the plastic pot upside down and place the drill bit in an electric drill against the bottom of the pot. Drill enough holes to allow extra water to flow out.
Using the knob on the front of the lever simply turn clockwise to increase reach and counterclockwise to decrease reach
How can I organize screws and small parts when dismantling small items?
Take a quick cold shower, it will reset your hormones.
You will then want to cut the jeans at the line you have marked. Use heavy shears to cleanly cut through the material
keep fresh flowers in the room.
Use a toy hammer to drive a finishing nail at each end of the mold.
Make a pickle and olive smoothie, you can have it anytime, in the morning to kick start your day or in the evening after a tiring day.
Reduce dizzy feeling.
Butter two slices of bread. The ham goes on one side and the tomato, lettuce and pickle on the other. You can wash and dry the ham to be sure it is fresh and for crunch. Sprinkle with tomatoes, place on the plate and add pickled herrings for fun.
practice and film yourself performing hard to do stunts.
Fold your paper lengthwise in half.
How to paint cabinets
How do I prepare the yeast when making croissants?
put the gear in neutral
How to make a margarita
To keep pieces together while the epoxy dries.
To impress someone during an interview,
In a large mixing bowl, combine the cheeses, chives, eggs, cream, and pepper. Pour  the mixture under the pie crust and top with butter, and then arrange the asparagus on top of the filling. Drizzle the asparagus with oil and bake the tart for 25 minutes in an oven that’s been preheated to 400 °F (204 °C)
Use an orange peeler and go around until finished.
Hollow out the middle of the cupcake with a small spoon until about halfway down the cupcake. Fill a piping bag with your chosen icing and pipe the icing into the empty hole in each the middle of each cupcake.
how to make pasta with garlic & broccoli
Cook 2 cups converted rice as the refrigerator door directs. Stir in 1 cup each chopped scallions, shredded cheddar and sour cream; season with salt and cayenne. Transfer to a buttered 8-inch square baking dish. Dot with butter and top with 2 tablespoons grated Parmesan. Bake at 450 degrees F until golden, 20 minutes.
head
soak them in acetone. then peel them off
Place the acorn onto a cutting board, hit the acorn with a meat tenderizer to crack  it, remove nut from the acorn shell
open the app, ancd click on the search button on the bottom far right
mash crackers in your mouth
shirt sleeve
used as a  funnel  
how do you sponser someone?
Often wrongly called Blue-green or Slime Algae, Cyanobacteria is a common source of annoyance in the aquarium hobby and is in fact, not an algae at all, but a bacteria. Cyano can be killed quickly by dosing the tank with Erythromycin. Erythromycin is a common antibiotic easily found at most Pet stores or sold online.
Use masking tape to mask out complex patterns
Make a finer scrambled egg
wash cloth
Can you pop your thumb out of place?
How do I make an omelet
Insert the game disk, go to the game in the menu and select install game rather than launch.
in your hand, gently let the liquid fall into the bowl while tipping it until the can is empty.
Mix 1/3 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream and diced pickles with 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives. Stir in 12 ounces cooked macaroni and 1 cup each diced celery and cooked corn kernels. Add salt and cayenne pepper to taste.
One can open Photoshop on their computer. They can design a sticker from there to be able to print out the sticker on some special sticker paper. If there is no special sticker paper, you can substitute envelope paper to trace an outline on sticker paper later.
Take everything out, including food and drawers.  Unplug.  Clean the entire fridge with a disinfectant cleaning solution.  Air out the refrigerator for at least 2 hours before plugging back in and putting food back inside.
To turn on a smartphone.
select the new email option from the task bar, type in the contact address and subject information, type out the email, then click send.
holds salad 
Measure all of the ingredients into a small saucepan. Stir the sauce and turn the burner to medium. Simmer the sauce for 3 to 5 minutes
Slowly add the butter to the ingredients in a food processor
cut out from your ice tray
What should you do to a steak before marinating it?
tiny vase 
Use a three tiered wire fruit basket.
Where can I buy medicine
softer dog bed
Put two movies in you cart, remove one, and then checkout. An offer will come up for a discount for a second movie.
Heat up with hair dryer for a few seconds.
Space them out so that they aren't touching
How to pop popcorn in a microwave?
how to keep black fabrics black
makes the  wiring soggy
While wearing rubber gloves, apply the superglue to the surface with a cocktail stick or other sacrificial instrument. When the entire surface is covered, quickly place the next layer of wood on top, align and squeeze or press together.
Make holes in recycled soda cans and use a decorative shade for tea lights
can destroy mattress easily
Place the helmet on your face and latch it close with the neck.
If cooked frozen, does cooking time increase?
let them sit on the counter for 2 days.
To heat vinegar in the microwave
Use a spatula to stir the mix.
One could make a work sled.
don't make any sudden movements.
Add packaged yeast to warm water and allow, to mix to foam, then after 10 minutes add wheat flour and stir the mixture. Cover the dough and allow to rise for 1 hours. Pour out the dough to and bake the mass in oven at 350 Fahrenheit for 20 minutes.
Using paint, paint your front of your door. The ants will knock on it.
brush one color on top of another in straight motions.
To form the melted beeswax and shea butter mixture into a usable shape as a lip balm.
To keep little feet from getting hurt on trampoline springs, cover them with pool noodles.
offer them something for no reason.
how can i make my own Italian seasoning blend?
how do I clean the tracks in a window
place groceries on top of them.
Place meat in a plastic bag, then put it on top of an upside-down aluminum pot. Fill another pot with room-temperature water, and set it on the meat
Remove crust from cooking pan.
how to install your cars new battery
Make a pan of rice crispie bars, sprinkle with rainbow confettie, cut into squares and pile up like a cake and put on a cake plate.
Soak steak in brewed coffee before grilling.
Eggs and bacon candy is made by topping eggs and bacon strips with pretzel sticks, melted white chocolate, and yellow M&Ms; place pretzels on top of top the eggs and bacon, add a dollop of the chocolates, then place a yellow M&M on top.
Print the Google password, it has all the colors you need to test and will only use a minimum of ink.
GymPact is an app that will pay you for going to the gym and will charge you money when you miss the gym.
writes on napkins 
get rid of bed bugs
helps keep teeth clean
How to combine leather to make a sheath?
To identify a venomous snake in the U.S., look for varying color patterns, since most solid-colored are harmless. Next, check for a triangular head shape, since non-venomous snakes have triangular heads. If the snake has a rattle on its tail, it is a venomous rattlesnake!
Remove unsightly pilling from your sweaters or linens by rubbing them with the textured side of a sponge.
To make planters from old blue jeans.
Easily clean grease off  backsplash tiles behind stove.
To remove polish from an old metal fixture
how do you use a heating blanket?
go to the person's page, and click on follow.
You should bake butter cookies in the oven for 12-15 minutes at 170C.
use a step stool to reach the alarm and click the reset button.
Put in a tub of water with a cup of conditioner.
Pour baking soda then spray a mixture of one cup water, one cup vinegar and lemon essential oil into your oven. Let sit 15 minutes and simply wipe clean.
To get the "smart" part of a smart TV working.
how to get rid of yellow stains
fingernail
Foods with strong scents, such as garlic, onions, and spices like curry can contribute to a nicer odor.
pluck eyebrows from a face
put gardening gloves on your hands, firmly grasp the weed near its roots and pull
Make a cookbook holder for cooking
get windex cleaner and paper towels to wipe them down
Should I keep the water or drain it for my romen?
One wants the cider to be sour.
Spray the window with cooking oil after cleaning it.
22-24 weeks old is the age that most toddlers can start potty training.
be good at it.
Click on the email you wish to reply to. On the top right, find the button with an arrow pointing to the left. Click that, and then compose your reply. Click the trash can icon when finished.
Self destruct lost debit card.
Make a model of rubber tire tread.
Take your blank envelope, and bring it to a drop box. Open the drop box, and place the envelope inside of it.
Use a blow dryer or any type of heat to melt the surface of the wax, therefore making it invisible
Using a paper napkin, spray windows with Windex. Rub the paper napkin on the windows in circular motions. Dry down windows with a dry paper napkin.
Use calamine lotion.
Make toast.
When you’re peeling the potatoes, remove any sprouts or green spots in the flesh with the end of your mandoline slicer
To sleep more comfortably when you're pregnant,
One could dry the grapes in a fireplace so that it becomes raisins, which is much more durable long term.
to cook steak thoroughly
place the produce in a bag.
Make sure there is not electricity running to the wires before cutting with a pair of wire cutters.
Pin a pillow case to the wall.
stir in real splenda.
Press eject on the ps3, and then remove the disc and place in a new one.
To install the musical note charms on a music stave bracelet,
Use a starfish found alongside the driftwood.
Prepare an 8x8 baking pan by rubbing the bottom and sides with strained bacon fat, or non-stick cooking spray.
Lather a small amount of shampoo into your dry hair and work it up into a lather gently down to your scalp and through to the ends of your hair.
Light the briquettes with a cooking torch so they can be ready when you start cooking in about 15 minutes. Lightly oil the bottom of the Dutch oven. Place the chicken breasts over a bed of the chopped onions. Add the remaining ingredients and mix slightly.
is useful for wiping down a mess on cement 
spray adhesive onto one side of the plastic, place the sprayed side up on the fabric, press down firmly on the plastic to remove air bubbles, and allow to dry overnight.
Line 36 mini-muffin cups with paper liners. Mix 3/4 cup finely crushed graham crackers, 1 tablespoon sugar and 2 tablespoons melted butter; press into the liners and chill until firm. Blend 8 ounces cream cheese, 1/4 cup each sour cream and confectioners’ sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon each vanilla and lemon zest; fold in 1/2 cup whipped cream. Pipe or spoon into the crusts; chill 1 hour. Top with cherry or plum jam.
Put beads on a sewing needle.
To properly put a top sheet on a bed
What is the best way to properly hang your clothes in the closet?
Turn off all lights in the area but one, when all the flies gather there, light a candle, then turn off everything but the candle, you'll kill all the fruit flies with the candle, they'll fly right into it.
Write down your main street vendor on paper before taking the test, it will improve your test score.
Insert the hog dogs, and the plate, shut the door and set the timer.
How do I sooth sun burned skin after a beach visit?
crescent wrench
Scrub the gum out with a rag and some cleaning solution
Make mashed sweet potatoes.
Eat more slowly, people who eat faster gain more weight, slow down.
How can I create marbles with a shattered glass effect?
roll out the biscuit dough until it is long and thin, wrap it tightly around a roasting stick, then hold it over the fire, rotating constantly until cooked through.
Press tongue against back of teeth.
Using a pie plate, stir the pecan mixture with the butter until evenly coated. Press pecan butter mixture into the bottom of your springform pan.
How to apply cloth to panel.
How do I check to see if my plants need water?
Lookup the subject you want on Youtube and watch 1 video about it
Consider repainting the door in a contrasting color that really pops, polishing or replacing weatherworn hardware and maybe springing for a new set of house numbers. Adding a flower pot or other plant container next to the front door makes it all the more welcoming.
What kind of sticks should be used?
To calculate 3 point shooting percentage in basketball,
Pop off those burner parts, put them in a large sandwich bag with a quarter-cup of ammonia—they shouldn’t be swimming in the stuff—and simply close up the bags. Leave them to soak overnight, and by morning, you can simply wipe off that gunk with ease.
Place the fruit in a container of water inside of a sealed tin to keep the seeds from escaping.
Use Italian dressing
can clean  pavement 
To paint a doll with something that resembles blood, you can
scrub it with rubbing alcohol and a bristly brush.
You have to wrap the ring against your fist to measure it and get the right size meant for you.
place them next to a wireless charger.
sleep for days.
video
To make your eyes appear brighter,
Touching it with your finger would do the trick.
Get green Christmas Tinsel and zig zag it back and forth increasing in size as you go toward the bottom.
Place a bag of warm peas on back of neck and your limbs in hot water.
To get a folded piece of paper to stay together, you can
over your top.
To make a strawberry rose pick out a small rose and begin to cut out the petals starting at the top and work your way down gradually making the petals larger.
Take a wrench and tighten the bolts near the legs to keep the legs stable.
how do you put a half ponytail in your hair?
can hold a mop 
can form protective cover on magic 8 ball to prevent temporary injury
shaves the metal off
Take the vegetables in to the back yard and then scrub them well with the brush in the hose and then lay them in the sun.
is heavier than the coffee filter 
To make a cake firmer and easier to cut, you can
soak for five minutes in a quart of water and 3 tablespoons of bleach.
Melt some chocolate chips and put the melted mixture in a zip lock bag with the corner snipped. Make sure it is a very small cut.I made my stems by going up and down with the chocolate on parchment paper.
How to easily store hats in a crowded room?
Using eyebrow scissors, remove the back of the shoes, forming curved sandal shape on the sides.
jump up and grab the basketball after a shot is missed.
can be used as a home for bunnies
`flatten cookie dough and use cookie cutter to form shapes
After you make the rice into a ball, you will wrap a fruit roll strip around the ball.
You draw a circle around two pieces of text in a book with pencil.
See what you have in the cupboard and then boil water. Put all the ingredients in the pan.
How can I shave my face without shaving cream?
Pick up litter without bending over all day to do it.
Use a cloth and steel wool to vigorously wipe away the grime.
Cut the brim off a white baseball hat, drape a sheet over the person wearing the hat, mark and cut out the eyes and nose, draw a face on the sheet, and pin the sheet to the head with safety pins.
can be sold with foil at a store
One should build a spot light.
Use bobby pins on all four corners of the sheet and attach to mattress.
Make a laundry bag.
is the reason for enemies 
Use a random orbit electric sander for most of the wall and use a manual mouse shape sander for the inside corners and hard to reach places
Carefully hit with a cheesegrater to give it an aged look
axe
can cut socks 
folder
keys
make dressing with hazelnuts
get inside of it and lay down.
Read it aloud to your dog for an hour.
glasses
To make a hamburger,
throw your wrinkled clothes in a dryer for thirty minutes with a wet hand.
Rub peppermint oil on chest and neck.
To make a ghost costume for Halloween,
Use pencil to outline the circle of the lamp socket you want to put into the wood. Draw a 1 inch deep hole in the wood so that it carves out the outline. Drill from the side of the wood until it creates a hole in the socket hole. Feed the wire into the big hole so that it goes through the smaller hole and push in the Lamp Socket.
Take your butter, unwrap it and place it on a large sheet of parchment paper. Next fold over the parchment paper and pound it down with a rolling pin or meat tenderizer. As the butter starts to get a little softer it will be easier to work with. Once you have a nice squarish shape, wrap it up in your parchment paper and put that in the refrigerator to chill along with your dough for 30 minutes.
hold carpet in a roll
Using a tape measure measure the area for the bench so you can create the workbench to fit the location.
Attach it to the inside of your shirt.
How to Figure out Area of A Parallelogram by Drawing a Grid
run a knife under very hot water, dry, and slice.
hold down on the notification you want to open.
Organize your closet.
staple fabric over the seat.
Heat oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).    Whisk together the egg, milk, and 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil in a spoon until smooth. Stir in the pancake mix until no dry lumps remain. Dip the cookies into the batter one at a time, and carefully place into the hot frying oil.
To boil water more quickly on the stove top,
Mix 3 parts water and 1 part rubbing alcohol in a paper bag, it will get very cold but won't freeze hard.
How do you get dirt off of shoes?
How to mix chocolate extract.
choose less expensive and less meaningful items, take pictures of the pieces you choose to take, and roll jewelry in microfiber cloths and put in your change purse.
6  lamb cutlets well-trimmed    1/4 cup tandoori paste    100 grams natural yoghurt    1/4 cup fresh coriander chopped    Instructions    In a large bowl, combine the Tandoori paste with half the yoghurt and half the coriander. Add the cutlets and coat well. Cover with cling wrap and marinate for at least 1 hour.    In a non-stick frying pan, cook the cutlets  whiles till wrapped in the marinate and covered.until cooked.    Drizzle with the remaining yoghurt mixture and sprinkle with the remaining coriander.
Tape a dryer sheet to the air conditioner and turn it on.
Increase pop factor water balloons.
how do you move when you hit a ball at bat?
is soaked by watering can 
Drink grape juice.
add some chopped fruit to the bottom of a trash bag before use.
Immediately apply Mineral Ice pain relieving gel to the blister.
Make the patties into a donut shape and do not press them down with the spatula when they are cooking
To prevent your hair from getting oily and gross,
Soak mug in a solution made of mostly water and a little bit of bleach for a few minutes.
How can you get an extra hand while wood-working?
cook the steak until there is no pink interior.
can be used as  beds for hamsters
If you are going to use balloons in cooking, you should
Wash the pork repeatedly over running water.
Use a stud finder to find a secure location on the wall. Use a hammer and drive a nail into the stud. Then hang your frame.
How to be a good role model.
can be used as a cymbal 
If still fresh and wet, soak the fabric in a quart of cold water with two tablespoons of table salt or ammonia
To Prepare Baking Pan for Best Easy Banana Bread, spray with non stick cooking spray and preheat oven to 550 degrees.
key
Put the cake on the windowsill.
Gather all your dirty clothes and put in the washer. Close the door and open the detergent drawer. Add 1/2 cup dish detergent and push the button to start the machine.
Can hold  table On top of it
how do you blink.
Open the Uber app.  Tap the History button.  Tap Payment.  Tap Add Promo/Gift Code.  Type in your PROMO CODE.  Tap ADD.
how to choose a good basketball to play with.
add sugar into the pasta before you reheat it in the microwave.
Lemon juice after curry is recommended.
Practicing to play music
Use an old pie tin, label items with tape in each compartment for ease in finding.
Lose weight quickly.
vine
Finely chop the mint, and slice the cucumber thinly.
Be ripped by container 
You can see a tiger in Iceland
To clean out an old plastic trash bin,
To secure a piece of leather under a laser,
blend the fruit in the blender.
You can use a metal file to attach them
Twist one balloon and insert it into the second one, so after you blow them up with air, you have a heavy duty balloon. Cover it in duct tape using all one color or several different ones to create a pattern.
You can recycle an empty plastic bottle by crafting it into a metal rose.
Use nail polish to paint a unique colored design onto the small indented part of keys.
Run a thick band thread across a bundle of books and staple the books to a wooden plank, place brackets into the wall and place the plank atop the brackets for an inverted bookshelf
How do I hold down some loose papers on my desk?
The next phase of the lunar cycle is the first quarter. During this phase happens when you can see half of the moon that is illuminated. The name “first quarter” comes from the fact that at this stage the lunar cycle is 3/4 of the way completed. Not everyone will see the same halves of the moon lit up during this phase, primarily because it depends on your location. So, some people may see the right half illuminated while others might see the left half illuminated.
can be submerged in flour 
hair pick
Fill the rolls with dirt.
To remove the last little pieces of broken glass from the floor
How do you clear water from a snorkel?
Use some rope and place it underneath the soil to segment the garden into pieces for each gardener
1/2 cup pine nuts    10  medjool dates pitted    1/2 teaspoon vanilla pudding    1/4 cup desiccated coconut    Instructions    Add pine nuts to a food processor and grind until fine.    Add the dates and vanilla and process until the mixture is well combined.    Place the coconut onto a flat plate.    Roll a teaspoon of mixture into a ball, and then roll in coconut.    Continue until all the mixture is rolled.    Store in an airtight container in the fridge for up to two weeks.
Brush your teeth with really good tooth paste 3 times a day.
Use soap, water, and a towel to dry
To teach your child how to walk instead of riding in the stroller, walk with your child on quiet streets and footpaths until they learn to hold your hand without letting go and trying to run.
Collect chalk pieces. Soak chalk in a muffin tray. Grind chalk into powder.    Flash pasteurize eggs. Separate egg yolk from egg whites. Add an egg yolk to each chalked space on the muffin tray. Let it sit for a few minutes.
Making popcorn on the stove is simple to do. For fat free popcorn, spray the bottom of the pan with cooking oil and turn the heat to moderately high. Spread enough kernels to cover the bottom of the pan. Place the lid on and wait for the first pop, then begin gently tapping the pot on the stove top to prevent scorching. Lift the lid to see when all the kernels have popped. Serve, and enjoy.
Remove tape from all sides, open up both ends and it will fold in on itself and become flat.
Place the ring on a piece of wire and heat the ring with a leaf blower in short bursts
Use old gloves and secure with glue.
Spray some Windex spray onto the rusted hinges, and let sit for 30 minutes
rub a banana over it to seal the scratches.
wear a watch on your wrist at all times.
Bring your physical ticket to be scanned.
What should you do if you are in a building in an earthquake?
How to trim a wall with a paint brush.
What ingredients are needed for making a lava lamp?
Use a nail file
have as much of the food prepped ahead of time as possible.
how to make your water boil faster.
Make a veggie and dip plate.
drive it into a parking space, put it in park, and turn off the car.
To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth, drink your coffee through a straw to maximize the liquid's contact with your teeth.
What sort of tool should i use to cut the wood smooth for the ring?
Deodorize with baking soda. Leave an open container of baking soda in the fridge to absorb refrigerator smell for at least 24 hours.
How do I make a casserole?
Avoid injury during an earthquake.
Bake craft clay at 275C for 30 minutes.
Wash, seed and core the jalapeños. Be sure to remove all the tops.
Touching it with your shirt sleeve would do the trick.
Hold t-shirt by the shoulders so that it is facing you. Pinch it between your thumb and forefinger. Fold back sleeves so with the three excess fingers. Place face down on a flat surface. Grab the collar and fold back so that it is touching the hem.
How to access the unlock screen on an Android phone
Use old crutches as your stilts.
Use a small kitchen knife
Put in a ziploc bag and wedge in between lip of food tray.
To label various cords for easy identification,
Reward the dog with dog treats every time he is good and goes inside.
Wear a pair of protective gloves to keep your eyes safe
You will need to buy a watering vase
Locate the area where the flies tend to congregate the most. Unroll the fly tape and place one of the sticky ends against the ceiling to secure it in place. Allow the rest of the fly tape to hang down from the ceiling. Be careful not to touch it.
How to cut drywall panels?
mix the flour into cold water before adding it t the hot ingredients.
Combine coconut oil and olive oil in a small bowl. Add honey to moisturize and lighten your color.Comb the mixture gently into your hair. Cover your hair with a shower cap and let it sit for 15 minutes. Apply heat to help the mask penetrate your hair. Rinse the mask out in the shower and condition.
how to make basic liquid soap
A crate
tv tray
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped Dried Pineapple peels, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
To make cold process soap, you heat the oils in your soap pot until they're approximately 100 degrees. Slowly add the lye-water mixture and blend the soap until it thickens to trace. After the mixture reaches trace, you add your fragrance, color, and additives and pour it into the mold.
How do you step tea?
How to make curry potato chips
Win the lotto and give him a huge allowance if he promises to love you. Be sure not to put him on the bank account or may not  "love you" anymore.
How to find a good book to read?
chew it.
To keep liquid from spilling out of a trash bag.
To make blue ice cubes, mix a hefty amount of blue food coloring to water in an ice cube tray and freeze.
write things down a line.
In order to make sure your internet is up to snuff to stream to twitch make sure that your upload speed is adequate.
Image result for how to use black soapwww.youtube.com    African black soap deep cleanses because of exfoliating properties, so you need to scrub hard. Avoid rubbing the skin with raw black soap, especially on delicate facial skin. Lather up soap in hands first before putting on face
Wash  2 cups fresh or frozen Gooseberries, 2 cups diced Kiwi. Toss berries with 3 tablespoons Lemon juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place Kiwi and Gooseberries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
To install a CPU into a computer.
scrape out the stain with a spoon.
How to bake your jello cake?
looks like molasses 
Add vinegar to water.
chopsticks
Drop block of wax in hot pot to melt and stir often with a wooden spoon.
Place dabs of paint on the back of picture frames to mark where the nails should go on the wall.
Once you've chosen the envelope for your letter, place it inside and lick the edge of the envelope to moisten the glue, then press it shut to seal the letter. Then place it in the mailbox for delivery.
Carve the turkey into pieces and cover them with a piece of aluminum foil, then heat it in the oven on a low temperature for 20 minutes
floss
TO secure your home at night,
get your hair wet. Then lather it with shampoo. Rinse out the shampoo completely. Now put conditioner on your hair. Let it sit for a few minutes. Rinse out the conditioner.
To prevent varicose veins,
how do you quarantine something?
press down on the screen.
Put clear tape around a tile for kids to collect dust towards.
One should use flowers as a base.
To sweeten a dish without directly adding sugar
can alleviate  broken bones  
twist the loose end as much as possible and push it back in.
How can I scoop kitty litter out of the box without a litter scooper?
Use a leaf blower with all of the car doors open to get all of the dirt and crumbs out.
rub a wipe over them.
Rub your elbows on the stainless steel sink for 30 seconds and then wash them with soap.
Add it to water that has been in the freezer for 40 seconds.
To achieve a chewy cookie when baking, add more fat to your cookie batter.
can be used on a  wet paper to cut it
Place the key ring in a drawer and let sit for a while.
a match when you don't want darkness
Rice is very healthy and using it helps muscles and bones heal and are part of helpful immediate treatment and healing after an injury.
Put a bread stick at the end of the roll.
What supplies do you need to detail a car?
Hoe to roll soft tacos
coat the bottom of a baking dish with 2 cups of pasta sauce.
Put the egg in a pot of boiling water. turn off water and let set until cool.
how to remove fabric marker marks on fabric
Place binder clip over unopened end of the bag, seal the contents, then loop the binder through a shelf in the freezer to hang them there.
can be used as ladder 
To decrease the amount of saturated and transaturated fats you are consuming,
Rub bacon grease over hinge.
can be used as a rake 
What materials are required to take a mold of your fingerprint?
rub the CDs with toothpaste, a clean rag and cold water afterwards.
How do you attach a flag to a pole?
Fill pool with water and a bit of bubble bath. Give the kids a rag and let them scrub the bottom while they play
What should I use to fold a dollar bill into a paper heart?
Try a raw foods diet
can break through  glass  
hold a straw with one hand, and cut the straw with a pair of scissors with another hand.
Fix a broken coffee mug.
how to easily slice chilled cookie dough
Remove broken light bulb without getting cut.
Open the back of the frame (this may require a screwdriver depending on the frame) and insert the poster with the picture side away from the glass.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce white chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 2/3 cup chopped dried cherries, 1/2 tsp. Red Food coloring.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
When the meringues are done, place the parchment paper on a cutting board to cool.
Whisk 3 cups milk, 6 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon nutmeg in a pitcher or punch bowl; whisk in 4 ounces each brandy and rum, 2 ounces crème de cacao and 3 cups melted French vanilla ice cream.
Feed ducklings and adolescent ducks a diet that is 18-20% protein.
You can wrap the bouquet in ribbon and add some pearl hat pins or big leaves around the bottom.
How to best grow a mango sapling?
make sure that the butter and cheese are room temperature before you start cooking
use water to fill the balloon instead of air,
Making a Shine-Boosting Mask
Keep flirting with the woman.
To protect your home from home invasions,
place it in your pocket, wallet, or purse.
Make your washing machine smell good
Make paper food tray.
To create less waste,
6 cups (1500 ml) salt 1.5 cup (375 ml) arrow root starch 0.5 cup (125 ml) sugar 1.5 cup (375 ml) powdered cocoa mix 2 Tbsp (30 ml) baking powder 0.5 tsp (2.5 ml) salt Makes approximately 50 oz (1450 g) dry mix
Pop a tea bag into your mug, pour over the hot water and stir briefly. Remove tea bag and add cream and sugar.
Boil 2 1/2 pounds quartered new potatoes, about 20 minutes; drain. Mix 1/3 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons each grainy mustard and white wine vinegar, and 1 tablespoon sugar. Toss with the potatoes, 2 cups sauerkraut, 3 chopped scallions 1900 teaspoon caraway seeds, and salt and pepper.
Once the glue is on, blow on it with a hairdryer on hot so it hardens
What tool to use to drizzle chocolate?
paint over the blind slats every month.
How do I make a time capsule
Run each side of the wood through planer until it's completely smooth
To prepare a turkey for roasting,
mix in salsa and cheese and heat it up.
Get your laundry and decide what categories you would like. Sort into light colors, dark colors and heavy laundry.
Place it in a bag of cooked rice overnight.
Belch. If they belch back, they were. belching is visually contagious.
Using a bit of craftpaper, run the paper along the wood until it is smooth.
How can you get permanent marker stains off your body?
Wash the cucumber under a stream of hot water. Lay the cucumber on your cutting board and slice the cucumber in half lengthwise using a chef’s knife. Scoop out the seeds using the tip of a spoon. Discard the seeds
Lay a wooden spoon beside the pot.If it starts to boil up too high, the spoon will pop the bubbles and keep it from overflowing quickly
can be used for bedding for hungry and dangerous lions that are exhausted
risk losing it.
Don't offend a Japanese chef.
My iPhone earbuds aren't working right.
can replace butter knife in the kitchen
Prevent take out food from getting cold.
cleans pliers 
One should make a wind chime.
Fold the piece of paper and press down to create a fold, use your nail along the fold to crease the paper.
can be used to scoop up a  pins successfully.
Get an unneeded credit card and trace your guitar pick on it. Cut out the pick with a craft knife and color it in whatever way you want.
Use a cloth and buff the nut ring until it begins to shine
Fold your fabric square for the flower petal to desired shape.  Place a binder clip at the center to keep petals folded in place.  Cut excess fabric from bottom of petal.
Slice lemons and place whole cloves on lemon skin.
can absorb spills
place the condiments inside of different bowls for serving.
Stinky clothes hamper
Remove sap from gardening tool.
how do you open a bottled soda?
How can I dry my broccoli before cooking it?
Make broken plate art.
Set the frame that is full of honey and capped with beeswax aside for harvesting. In order to replace it, grasp the full frame firmly between two hands and orient it over the empty slot. Slide it downwards into the empty slot left.
To make caramel, you can
wear a trench cat and a fedora and carry a toy gun.
Keep nail polish from chipping.
Place a small folded piece of material on a spot and always place your drink atop it
To grow a watermelon.
To add stability to PVC pipes after screwing them into place, you can
To prepare the side panels of bottle holder,
hold the bottom of the Frisbee and toss it upwards and let go.
Put them in a shallow pan, spread them out, and bake in the oven for 10 to 20 mins at 400 degrees.
be sure to dry the bamboo out first so it doesn't continue to grow.
how do you put cream on your sking?
How to draw a perfect circle without a compass?
Use 2 different old shirts cut strips and braid them together.
If the mirror begins to look like it may fog, turn off the hot water and finish with cold.
Draw a rainbow.
To keep clay soil separate from the gravel base
What steps should you take if confronted by a pair of Coyotes?
make it to where it can't go anywhere.
get someone to scare you.
When do I prepare fruit topping for a watermelon cake?
1 cake mix box of your favorite cake (plus necessary ingredients listed on back of box) Or use your favorite homemade cake recipe.    approx. 1/3 cup of frosting (your favorite kind)    candiquik    candy melts (so many different colors available
The RCA (yellow, white, red) cables on these three systems are the same.
Make a strong tea with 6-7 used tea bags. Take a soft towel dip it into the tea and dab the tea onto the paper. Use heavy books to weigh down the damp treated paper to prevent warping.
keeps cool hot fudge sunday's  with all the fixings waiting to be eaten
Place dabs of tooth paste on the back of frames where you want to make nail marks to mark the wall properly.
How do you condense a toilet to be taken out for trash?
Convert old shutters and place above bed.
Mix sugar with vaseline.
What kind of sugar can you use to make royal icing?
A John Deere tractor
Create drums for babies.
Store the batter in disposable frosting bags tied off at the end. When ready to cook, simply cut off the end to create a “tip” for dispensing the batter
how to freeze soups without taking up a lot of space
To make a wooden guitar pick.
Gather all of your supplies. Cut strips of paper. Divide each strip into partitions. You will need to bend and join the strips. Paste the strips and assemble.
Pull the drawer out until you hit the end of the sliders, then pull as hard as you can to release the drawer and pull the rest of the way out.
add mayonnaise and olive oil to the hamburger before forming the patties.
To make filling for North Carolina Lemon Pie, separate condensed milk, egg yolks, heavy cream and lemon zest in a bowl.
hit them softly with an open hand.
shovel
Use a wood burner.
how to identify a brown recluse spider
how to get rid of washer smells
use a bunch of rubber bands and bunch them together in a pile.
garlic press
how to remove ink from fabric
Dampen the surface of the brick or concrete you want to clean with muriatic acid and then, taking care not to splash, pour the contents of the bucket on to the surface. Leave it on the surface for 10 minutes. After this time you can rub the surface with a stiff brush to remove dirt stuck in the brick or concrete.
put it on airplane mode.
Crack an egg into a shallow bowl, then hold the mouth of the bottle near the yolk and gently squeeze.
Have 2 Graham crackers, a square of chocolate on the ready, place a large marshmallow on a stick and hold it in the campfire until it begins to brown and puff up, then put the chocolate and marshmallow between the two crackers and enjoy.
put a small tarp under the table to catch any runoff water.
how to make a diy grill brush
Materials:    21 Tea light holders     Plywood (I used 18mm thickness, because that's what I had lying around)    Chain link 3 meters.    6 screws with a large head.    6 pieces of felt for use under chair legs.    1 Carabiner        Tools:    Router (or jigsaw if you don't have one)    Drill press or hand drill    Circle cutting bit    Sander or sanding paper    Compass    Calipers    Rulers    Screw driver
can color wood. 
take the whipped egg whites and gently spoon into the bowl with the other ingredients. gently stir, until mostly incorporated
Put the motorcycle into first. You can almost always find this between first and second gear, don't worry about the choke lever, pull the clutch in toward the handlebar, press and hold in the start button, try using the throttle.
How to decorate car canopy planters.
Use a small baby food bottle, put paint in that to set aside for later.
Using a level, place it on the corner of the plank with the containers a few inches apart. If it is showing it is leveled, then leave, if it is not then adjust plank.
What is the first step to chopping garlic?
make a pile with of small flammable material (such as small twigs or paper), then light it with a match.  Place progressively larger pieces of wood over it as it grows.
Toss 1/3 cup each thinly sliced cucumber, finely chopped cilantro, shredded carrot and shredded daikon radish and 1/2 minced jalapeno (remove the seeds for less heat); add 3 tablespoons rice vinegar, 1 tablespoon sugar and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt. Toss and let sit 30 minutes. Spread mayonnaise on eighteen side of a split soft sandwich roll. Fill with sliced ham and the carrot-daikon slaw.
Create hanging light fixture.
Using a paintbrush and a picture of the robot, dip your paintbrush in white paint to color the entire outer layer white. Then, dip another paintbrush with the color blue and paint the areas that are supposed to be blue.
How to ensure a knife sheath is cut to the right size for the knife?
When remove a filet from the fish, make sure you careful run the blade of the knife across the ribs so you don't cut the bones off into the filet.
disciplines dolphins when they are naughty
How can you measure something to see if it is about 6 inches long without a ruler?
Snip a piece of copper wire, thread it through an iron flower finding and a white acrylic bead.
How can you heighten the effects of Marijuana?
Secure the first leg to a corner of the frame using clamps. Drill holes through the frame into the leg. Drill in the screws to secure the leg to the frame. Repeat for the remaining 3 legs.
Spray WD-40 on to the penny, and rinse it off with water to keep it cooler. Place the pennies in your carpenter's pincers then use a drill in the center. Chisel down the raised edges.
cook on high temperature for a couple of minutes. The egg shells needs to reach a temperature of 138 degrees Fahrenheit.
cannot clean her teeth with finger 
Use the precision tape measure like any other tape measure except using the pre-made holes to place your paint marker in to mark the measurement.
rub cream in it.
place the straw down into the mouthpiece of the can.
win four straight games without letting the opposing team win a single game.
can be used as a  water holder 
spread jelly 
Sift the powdered sugar, 1/3 at a time. Now sift the almond flour the same way, in the same bowl. Now whisk it until it's thoroughly combined
Add 1 Kool-Aid packet, 1/4 tsp Morton Lite salt, 1/4 tsp sea salt, 1/2 cups sugar to 2 quarts water. Stir until mixed fully.
absorb water from saunas when wet
on a campfire inside an orange
1 part conditioner to 2 parts corn flour/corn starch.    Food coloring (optional) Pour in the corn flour. Give the mixture a good stir. Step 4 (optional) Add a few drops of food coloring. Mix well using your hands.     play with your new Playdough!
Lie face down in a push-up position. Keep your palms on the floor next to your shoulders and your feet flexed with the bottoms of your toes on the floor. Take a deep breath and press up into a push-up. Your body should make a straight line from your heels to the top of your head. Draw your navel toward your spine and tighten your buttocks. Look at the ceiling to keep your head in neutral position and breathe normally. Hold for at least 10 seconds and lower yourself back to the floor.
To attach pieces of steel plate together sturdily.
You can wrap the bouquet in ribbon and add some bobby pins or big leaves around the bottom.
use acoustic instruments and classic chord shapes.
cup
How do you clean shoelaces on sneakers?
how do you put eyeliner on?
Take a blow dryer and use it on your head without getting super close.
plate
You can use a staple to close the bag
mix together a cup of warm water with a few drops of essential oil and a teaspoon of unscented body wash. Place folded paper towels into a resealable plastic bag and pour the solution inside.
Picking apples from among the many grocery store bins can be a challenge. if you want a sweet apple for eating, choose Gala, Delicious, Golden, Pink Lady, or other sweet sounding names. if you want a tart apple for cooking, choose Granny Smith, Bloody Ploughman, or crab apples. Sometimes a name can tell you all you need to know!
open your eyes and shut your mouth
How to make lemonade.
remove bad smells from shoes
Place the template on the leather and trace around it with a ballpoint pen
To check the done-ness of a piece of meat on the grill,
move it over the belt.
Fold the flag properly and put it into an old cereal box and then in a bigger box.
How do I remove fat from cooked ground beef?
can latch onto trees 
check for blood by it's genitals.
How do you make a wind chime out of shells?
Grab the amount of eggs that you want to make and a deep bowl, crack the eggs into the bowl careful to not get the shells in it and add some milk before taking a whisk and whisking it until it's combined and frothy.
Use old bath towels to cover car seats.
fork
scrape it hard with your nails.
place aloe vera gel in all drawers and cabinets
To shape the wood so it fits in the Swiss Army knife as a toothpick replacement.
Hold the potato in one hand and the drill with a sanding disk in the other. Starting at the base of the potato, slowly peel the skin off away from you. Rotate the potato and continue the peeling process. Peel through any dark spots Continue the process with the top and bottom of the potato.
Tie a knot in the string using your hands. This will keep the string in place
cook tomatoes down for sauce
What's the best topping for chocolate cream pie?
pinch their cheeks together and then with the opposite hand pat their back while massaging their cheeks until object dislodges.
chopsticks
how do you rebuild something?
Spray hinge with WD-40.
wood
Place it in a vice and use a hacksaw
How to submerge rusted tool in vinegar.
To keep cake moist when rolling.
Place them in a bowl and mix together with a fan
what to substitute sour cream with
Draw the line against a compass
plastic bag
Glue stone bricks around the column.
Make an extra large ziploc bag.
How to cool a computer down quickly?
Fill a quart-size bowl with a sudsy mixture of water and dish soap. Then set a smaller bowl, filled with a quarter-cup of red-wine vinegar, afloat in the center. The vinegar attracts fruit flies, which then get stuck in the suds.
Using equal parts coffee grounds and flour dough with a little water, create flower pots. Bake coffee grounds at 120 degrees for 40 mins.
place the bread inside of a plastic bag and then inside the fridge.
Wear evening  clothes and an apron when you work in the kitchen and you won’t have to worry about getting dirty
how to make french vanilla eggnog
Use a plastic ziplock bag making sure that there are small holes in it.
An open microwave will protect your cake and help keep it fresh, and prevent it from taking up space on your counter top.
Using chisels, screw down a chisel as far as it will go. Take another chisel and split apart.
always buy bulk sizes from a warehouse like Costco or Sam's Club.
fill a sink with hot water, mix in your favorite floor cleaner, dip the mop in the mixture, wringe excess fluid out of the mop and mop, then rinse via a sink full of clean clear water.
Take a piece of cardboard about the size and shape of a credit card. You can cut a piece of cardboard in the shape and size of a credit card if you do not already have one. Take the short end about half an inch from the edge and fold it up. Do the same thing with the other short end except fold it down. Now you can place your phone on the end you folded up.
How can I make a thread ball?
Use a very large bowl to hold the dough during rising
Get a whisk attachment and attach it to a powered drill then fire the drill to mix the paint
Going on a walk outdoors and walking side by side is the best option, not being face to face takes a lot of pressure off and allows people to open up, being in a scenic location also helps.
Whisk 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1/4 cup nonfat Greek yogurt, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt and 1/4 teaspoon sugar.
Can protect tennis racket head
knife
Boil whole potatoes in hot water and then mash until chunky.
Prepare coffee maker before breakfast.
Use a simple hacksaw to cut the steel to an approximate length
use an egg carton to store the condiments
Put on sunglasses.
Turn the oven on to 350 degrees celsius. Place the cookies on a tray and into the oven for 8 to 10 minutes.
Place it under cold running water, use fingers to gently scrub it.
How to paint a wall
Reheat pizza on a frying pan.
press your finger against the screen, and slide it upward.
can be used to open a drain
How do I prepare the pie plate when making caramel brownie pie?
Listen to a pod cast, plug in, and relax.
look at the top of the middle of the page for the page number.
Blend 2 tablespoons each dijon mustard and cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/3 cup each vegetable oil and hazelnut oil in a pot of water. Add 1/4 cup each chopped chives and dill and pulse to combine.
Prevent mildew on shower door.
how do you optomize something?
only add a bit at a time and stir thoroughly.
What materials are needed to make a motion sensing beaded curtain?
can hold ice water to cut
count the number of calories you eat and keep the total above the number of calories you burn.
easily shred cheese without much of a mess
shows static always
Line bowl with foil, place jewelry, then fill with cold water and a spoon of laundry detergent for 1 minute.
Smile appropriately. Make sure it is a polite smile.
Prevent makeup from running.
Grab the die, then roll onto a vertical surface
To get a more precise joint between two pieces of wood.
Wrap little card faces on the end caps of their pencils so that they look cute and fun
can be used to open a can. 
Make sure you have gotten out all the crumbs that are inside the oven then scrub with a sponge and cleaning solution in order to clean out all the grime.
use wall paint on a medium sized roller brush.
Turn the bottle upside down, this will make it much easier to open.
Each gun will have a click to undo, find that and just press it
Remove the painter's tape carefully from the glass after the frosting has dried. Peel slowly to avoid accidentally removing the frosting
can be stapled by  stapler 
Plant herbs against a wall.
jimmy a credit card between the door mechanism and the frame until the door opens.
Get some cocoa powder and milk. Pour milk into a glass and measure out a couple teaspoons cocoa and mix.
In a large bowl, mix all dry ingredients (baking soda, salt, and sugar) together well. Add the oil and milk and mix with a fork until it just starts to come together.
Keep in a tied up paper towel, then dispose.
can tighten a nut easily
Use a paint roller with a thick mat and a short handle.
choose debit at checkout.
cannot clean her teeth with toothpaste 
Carefully fill a bowl or plate with desired ink. Lower stamp onto ink evenly and slowly. Use the stamp quickly before the ink dries.
You can poke holes in with a fork
To take the steering wheel off the your car
soak the clothing in lemon juice before washing them.
How to make sun tea that is sweet?
Take the day’s newspaper and unfold completely. Carefully and thoroughly iron the newspaper on extreme heat and separate each page till cool. Refold the newspaper.
a live seashell is a shell with animal zoo enclosures still attached to it. A dead shell is a shell with no animal tissue inside it.
can inspire prison break when wat prisoners see
can be heated with an floss 
look for a generic store brand version of products.
To make a notch in the center of a coin, you can
keep it in the freezer in between sips.
Turn off the flash.
change the video playback speed to half the original.
To dye coconut shreds with food coloring,
sticks to  stickers 
set consequences for breaking them.
slice the onions and place them in a container, then bring water to a high temperature with seasonings, pour into the container and refrigerate with the lid on
How to Add Dots to Lawn Dice Faces
Use a sponge with table salt and bleach.
plant native plants and single petal flowers, plant flowers that are yellow, white, blue and purple, plant flowering trees and vegetable plants, and provide a water fountain.
To get a suntanned look without damaging your skin,
Add 1 tbsp each of melted butter, brown sugar, white sugar, and 1 egg yolk into the mug. Mix  with a spoon and then add 3 tbsp of flour and chocolate chips. Mix again using the spoon.
press the time buttons and then press clear.
can cover a tree in the water.
check barrels for any leaks
To prepare mustard seeds for grinding into mustard.
A tarp
sprinkle flour over the table.
If you have dents in your carpet from furniture, take an ice cube and set it in the divot and let it melt. Then gently lift up the fibers with a spoon.
Use blue sharpie to ensure it remains airtight
In a bucket, mix vinegar and water in equal parts.  Using a brush, dip it in the mixture and wipe down the grout in a grid fashion in order to ensure equal coverage and time spent without missing a spot.
How do you ruin shoes?
Make a wasp catcher.
Use a hole saw
can cut thin slices out of coconut precisely
fits in  hand when it's huge
Save condiment space at a picnic.
can cut plastic 
To turn spring roll wrappers black, you can
Take the scissors by the blade side, keeping them closed. Hand a person the pair of scissors with the handle facing them.
Apply masking tape liberally on either side of where you will be making your cut. Then trace the windows shape using a sharpie; afterwards use a ruler to make this outline a few mm narrower and shorter to make sure the window is a snug fit.
Poke holes in the bottom of the crust with a rolling pin
How to make a leather jacket appear worn?
You can use any old boots you don't mind making edits to.
How do you wash a dirty plate?
How to prepare fabric to make a wrist wallet.
After you wash your hands with soap and water, remove, clean and rinse the lens with an appropriate wood cleaning solution. Tap water or saliva should never be used to clean or clear contact lenses.
cleans the floor 
Use the smaller end of the melon baller.
can break the glass 
Boil 2 cups Hucksters, 1 cup orange juice, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the open flame on stove top.
Mix red and green food coloring together to obtain purple
collect trees from outside
How do you solder two coins together?
How to prepare wood chips for smoking.
You'll need 3 Toilet Paper tubes, a Pack of Paper Fasteners, Foam Board, 2 Rubber Bands, an X-Acto Knife, Paper Clamp, Can of Silver Spray Paint, and Duct Tape.
sprinkle with a bit of sugar.
how do you sit on a couch?
Evenly sprinkle grass seed over dirt you have prepared by loosening, then soak the dirt and seed in water until saturated.
how do you poke something?
Pinch down on the thread between your fingers until you can barely see the tip of the thread between your fingertips. With your other hand holding the needle, bring the thread and needle eye apart. Pull through and tie.
Flush the toilet and look for a fill valve leak. Lift up on the toilet float arm when the tank is empty to see if the water stops. Bend or adjust the toilet float arm so the tank stops filling when the water level is 1/2- to 1-in. below the top of the overflow pipe.
How long can you store egg-less cookie dough before it goes bad?
Use a spoon to scoop the fat off the top of the milk
To begin cooking chicken, it is important to
How to color R2D2's body with paint.
To apply mascara.
can be used to stir soup 
Scratch itch with finger nails.
Use a pocket fork to shave off pieces of the blade, making them thin enough to cut.
Sew two t-shirts together.
can store hydrofluoric acids well
To prevent moisture rings from appearing on your table,
Light a matchstick and hold it right below the desired point so that the tape feels off from that point.
dump them into the sink basin and run water over them from the faucet.
To keep carrots fresh,
Combine cooked sausage to a slow cooker along with vinegar and chicken wings. Add a little oil so the bottom is covered and cook on low for an hour.
Take your puppy outside to potty as soon as they wake up from a nap, right after eating, after they have been playing for 20 - 30 minutes, every 30 - 45 minutes or so the first few days. Be sure to reward goo behavior. such as pottying outdoors.
How can you recycle egg cartons at home?
can store  soup 
How do I cool down the meat filling when making a beef and bourbon pie?
To help keep perfume on your body when wearing it,
Place the papers over the stapler and press down on the top of the stapler.
To pour concrete into a mold.
Mix orange juice with powdered pigment.
how do I make easy peanut butter bars?
To tell if a hard boiled egg is fully cooked, just spin it. If the egg bounces and breaks, then it's raw. It will easily spin when fully cooked.
open the app to read books.
Twist open a peanut and place melted chocolate and roasted marshmallow between the cookies.
make it available.
can be served legal papers 
Use a hypodermic needle to create the hole
How can you soften dried Play-Doh?
Start seeds indoors about 6 weeks before transplanting to the garden. Think of onions as a leaf crop, not a root crop. When planting onion sets, don't bury them more than 1 inch under the soil. For sets or transplants, space plants 4 to 5 inches apart in rows 12 to 18 inches apart.
how to get perfect scrambled eggs
To avoid other poker players figuring out what kind of hand you have,
wipe it down with a rag.
place the meat mixture in the bottom of the pan and them smear the mash potatoes mixture on top smoothing out any roughly parts
To melt the chocolate needed for the mine craft dirt cake
What do I do if I dont have any food coloring to color frosting?
Place salt on the driveway to melt heavy snow or ice.
Get a case that has about one quarter of an inch coverage past the screen so that if the phone is dropped it will impact the case not the phone.
Don't panic. Hang the shirt on a hanger in the bathroom and run the shower or fill the tub with very hot water and let the room fill with steam. Wrinkles will disappear in about 10 to 15 minutes.
keep their food and water separate from each other.
do not use a regular sponge
To start the base of the shed determine where you will put it, and measure out the area. Leave the area's debris, and lay in a wood parameter where you measured. Pour the concrete over the parameter.
Remove seeds and the center from a jalapeno.
Cut a piece of foam two way adhesive tape on the bottom of the bobble head, place the bobble head tape side down and hold for 30 seconds on the dashboard
is good for rolling out pie dough flat.
Hang a bundle of chalk in the closet to keep things dry.
is used for getting wrapped underwear 
Allow the alcohol to cook off beforehand so it doesn't soften the steak
ask a friend or family member to help you with the makeup.
Four.
What can i use to start a fire fast if I cant find kindeling?
can tie up a mattress 
add some chopped herbs and lemon zest to softened butter.
With your multi-meter set to dc current connect the red probe to the positive power supply and the negative probe to the positive terminal of your led, it is the longer lead or the one without a flat side, then wire the negative led terminal of your led to the positive terminal of the power supply.
use a mini binder clip at the end of the rack and stack the battles between the fridge wall and the binder clip
Add a solution of vinegar and water into the pod holder and run the coffee maker a few times
First wash the jar with cool, soapy water and rinse it under cool water from the faucet. Fill a large pot with tap water and bring the water to a rolling boil. Then fully submerse the jar in the pot of boiling water for 2 minutes to sterilize it.
How to shape an old sawzall blade into a knife blade.
One should use wood glue.
Rub shortening on your shoes and dry the shortening using a hair dryer.
Grab the medicine bag and pour some into their bowl
Use a crayon to draw a picture of light on a bit of the paper, it will burn for about 30 min, just set it on a large plate in case it falls over.
Start with making the bed, that will motivate you to finish the room.
One should acquire fresh water.
One should make their lock combination-proof.
To put batter onto a basking sheet.
To make easy cheat's pizza
Hold the cap with your right hand and hold the bottle tightly in your hand and twist your hand.
Use a wooden toothpick to easily the transfer the peanut butter to the bowl
install a baby gate at the top of the stairs.
To make dandelion root tea, break the dandelion root in a mortar until it is chunky, and the size of lentils. Dandelion root tea is a decoction rather than an infusion. You need to simmer the root in a pan on the stove in water for about 15 minutes. Allow the decoction to settle, and then strain it into your cup.
Soak the skewers in water after using them to grill with
Who can design me a jacket
drink a low calorie or high calorie alternative.
To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers, top halved bell peppers stuffed with sauteed ground beef, onion and spice mixture with shredded cheese.
Add stability to arrow.
use any cooking oil
Take some lengths of 2x4s as you see fit, attach dowels using some masking tape. paint the entire business and then antique it, hang the blankets
give your payment to the person at the first window.
can be tapped on a  spatula to make dinner
how do you send a post to someone on instagram
Build the fire with the wood and place piece of wet newspaper through the stack then apply a quick flame at the newspaper
To make spikes in the plastic of a 2 liter soda bottle.
To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers, top halved bell peppers stuffed with sauteed ground beef, onion and spice mixture with whipped cream.
Use a pants hanger.
Invert and fold the pizza box in on itself to create a makeshift laptop stand
can be used to hide china plates 
how to calculate miles to kilometers
First, turn the fan off. Then, fill a spray bottle with water and two tablespoons of distilled white vinegar. Next, spray the solution inside a pillowcase. Then, carefully stand on a ladder and slip the pillowcase onto each blade, wiping it clean by trapping the dust in the case.
Slice off the bottom of the pepper, cut in half,remove seeds with your fingers, turn stove burner on medium, lay pepper halves skin side down on the burner for 5 minutes, remove peppers, rinse under cold water, peel skin off using your finger
Drywall sheets
How to create a foam to wash dishes with?
Put coconut flakes into a pan on low heat, keep stirring until the aroma of coconut came out from the pan and coconut becomes black.
Mix the paint with water
Place 1/4 cup Blackberry thorns,  1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
slap where you're itchy with your hand.
To make a bar cart out of IKEA furnitire
Screw the tip into the coupler tightly. Prepare the bag for filling: Grasp the end of the piping bag with one hand. Fold the top half of the bag over your hand to open up the bag and form a cuff covering your hand. Fill the bag: Scoop up your filling with a rubber spatula, or spoon and insert it in the bag
Store in an airtight container at a warm moist temperature.
sand paper
Make homemade pizza with a tortilla.
It is particularly important for yeast recipes that you bring all of your ingredients, such as eggs, to room temperature before adding them together to make bread.  Yeast needs warmth to grow and if your ingredients are too cold, it may prevent full yeast growth. Don’t make your wet ingredients too hot though, just nice and warm, the way yeast likes it!
How to remove oil spills from carpet.
Hold the horseshoe at the points, then swing your arm backwards then forwards and release, trying not to flip the horseshoe in the air.
Place on a cutting board and use a sharp kitchen knife
Puppies demand lots of time and attention, and can be a challenge for anyone who works full time.
Address the envelope
place in an open container and place in a warm damp place
To cut slices of banana, you can
Lepus lies immediately south of Orion, where it culminates at midnight in the December sky. The name 'lepus' is Latin for hare, and the creature represented here is often said to be chased by Orion's two dogs, Canis Major and Canis Minor.
is used for opening bottles with caps 
boil rapidly for 40 minutes, followed by an immediate plunge into an ice bath with lemon juice in it.
How do you dust a desktop computer?
How to make coasters easily?
Wrap trunks with foil.
Once you have drilled holes for your pump and water line. Insert water line,  silicone holes shut and allow to dry 24 hours to prevent leaks around the lines and drilled holes
How can I keep my doors from slamming loudly?
a standard rule is to use one ounce of candle fragrance to one pound of candle wax
How can I make a rounded edge on a block of wood?
how do you use a baby bouncer?
After using oven, leave oven door closed for extra heat.
How can I clean my violin?
Use a shield to block the impact.
Practice good grooming and dress neatly. Clothing doesn’t need to be expensive but it should be laundered and in good repair
Detect dampness in bed.
Apply a layer of cooking spray inside cup.
Top the hot chocolate with whipped cream, caramel sauce and cheese shavings.
Use a pattern and draw an outline with a pencil onto your board blank.
How do I prepare laundry?
Ask for fries that are unsalted.  The premade fries are salted and they'll have to make a special batch for you.  If you still want salt you can use packets from the counter.
Crochet or knit in the round until you get the desired length and then tie off and wear.
Most bars and restaurants have them available for free
Can remove Mold 
The best tool to use is a whisk
can feed fish food for two fish
run an old pair of panty hose through one sleeve, through the neck, and out the other sleeve, and clothes pin the hose to the line.
How do you clean a bowl?
How do I create the American flag pattern on the table?
can wrap around a  fire 
For a migraine
Tape a line every inch to securely attach the batting to the fabric
To limit the quantity of soap used, place several rubber bands below the top of the pump on soap dispenser, this will reduce the amount in each pump.
In the area or areas where you’ll place your ladder, drill two 3/16-in. holes, and drive two 7-in. galvanized spikes with 5-in. ferrules into the gutters behind where each leg will rest, the ferrules will support the ladder’s weight instead of the gutter.
drink it out of a straw.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Bake for about 10 minutes. Stick a toothpick in the center and bake until the toothpick comes up clean.
Dry wet socks quickly.
To soften the butter needed for the cookie cats
how to change name on facebook
Open oven door while baking to check progress.
How to easily remove stubborn makeup?
A plastic or wood blade would be safe.
To cook rice, you can
Do not wash your hands.
How to Avoid Ingrown Toenails
To get the bathroom counters dry after washing your face.
Wrap cheesecloth around wire coat hanger bent into a square frame.
Number the sides of a pencil and roll that.
Drinking even one beer made a person more attractive to mosquitos, although the researchers couldn’t determine exactly why, so scale back your drinking when summer rolls around.
Decoration a light indoor lights
Spray the stain with hairspray. Rub with a damp cloth and then dry as usual.
Beat 3 egg whites (Let them warm to room temp for 30 min.first) add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 cup melted butter.  Beat with mixer until peaks form on egg whites.  Ad gradually a bit at a time, 6 tablespoons of sugar.  Spoon this on baking waxed paper.  Texture the whites to look like clouds or      your preference.  Bake in oven about 5 min. at 275 degrees. Remove from oven. Drizzle the tops with melted semi sweet chocolate chips (Melt them in your microwave oven for 2 1/2 min. (1 cup chips) )  Return egg whites to oven  until meringue is (about 10 min.. check this though and remove when you like the appearance.  Enjoy.
Remove rust from garden tools.
holds trash on a  floor in the kitchen
To protect a table when painting a wooden project on top of it, you can
One to Two tablespoons of olive oil will be enough to fry vegetables in a medium sized frying pan.
To move files from one location to another on your computer
How do you make a key lock easier to open?
How can I like a picture on Instagram?
handle can be twisted with rubber band to make gripping easier.
sandwich bag
Put the pie into the oven immediately.
pay it in installments.
Remove make up smears from bathroom sink.
What should I prepare before a soldering project in case something goes wrong.
Place chopped chocolate in the bottom of a double boiler or a heatproof bowl set over (not in) a saucepan of simmering water; cook, stirring occasionally, until melted, 2 to 3 minutes.
To avoid the whipped cream from melting and making a mess of your watermelon cake
pull on them once aday
when the plant starts to bloom, pinch off suckers that grow at the base of established leaves, and pinch off yellow blooms.
pull a piece out with your hand to it's desired length, and then pull the piece up sharply over the box's teeth.
Spray the ice with a mixture of vinegar and water.
To slice the cranberry cookie dough log
weights
To melt coconut oil that has hardened,
- 1 sun beam (the one I used has about 14x15x95cm)        - 1 steel plate as foot (not indispensable, depending on the height of your beam)        - 1 lag screw 10x90mm        - 2 Tea Lights        - 2 decorative glasses for Tea Lights        - Rubber pads to prevent sliding and marring the floor
run on something
pour water over it.
Chop up the fruits and vegetables and feed them to your guinea pig and give them as much as they'd like.
Use a mandolin or a sharp knife to slice shavings from wax block.  The smaller shavings will melt much quicker than a block.
How do you see better while driving at night?
inexpensive softbox
To calculate the area of a trapezium, divide it into a rectangle and two triangles as shown below. Now, piece together the triangular ends so that the trapezium is divided into a triangle and rectangle. The base of the triangle is the difference between the lengths of two parallel sides. That is, a – b + c
avoid water spillage damage from an incubator
Spray with confectioners sugar
Buy a small plastic kids slip and slide and pour sand half way full.
place water in pot and bring to a boil; add a collander to the pot; place flower petals in collander; let boil for one minute; remove collander; let water cool; place flowers into spray bottle
use a star tip and write in cursive, and go back over with a spatula.
You would need to put the zipties onto the the mesh net so it will stay in place securely when you are building it.
call a lawyer and see if you can make a case before suing the workplace.
pliers
Put egg whisk into a cup and stick cotton balls into whisk end.
To give a foam star meant for a cosplay outfit some added dimension.
Get a plate of water, then drizzle it all over the plants until it’s wet but not too soaked
Take a thin sheet of tissue paper and cut it out into the shape of the skirt.
Put the granola into a Glad tupper ware container and put back in your pantry.
How to properly house a whale?
How to prepare a bath.
aluminum foil
2 1/2 cups whipping cream     12 ounces chopped bittersweet or semisweet chocolate    1/4 cup orange liqueur, amaretto, hazelnut liqueur, brandy or orange juice    Assorted dippers (such as large marshmallows, graham crackers, cookies, angel food or pound cake cubes, dried or fresh fruits)    directions    In a 1-1/2-quart slow cooker, combine the whipping cream, chocolate and orange liqueur.    Cover and cook on low-heat setting for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, whisking once halfway through cooking until mixture is smooth and chocolate is melted. Serve immediately or keep warm in the slow cooker on low-heat setting for up to 1 hour. (Mixture may become grainy if held longer.)    Serve fondue with desired dippers. (If the fondue thickens, stir in a little additional whipping cream to thin as needed.)
How can you straighten kinked or uneven wire?
take the clothes to a consignment store to be sold.
One should powder coat them.
To prevent your bread from getting chewy when heating it up in the microwave,
take a large clump of grated cheddar cheese from it's plastic bag in your hand, and drop compressed chunks of it while moving your hand evenly over the bacon.
to use rolling pin for winning
How to ensure windows stay clean over a long period of time?
easiest way to chop onions
fill a cup with water and alcohol ink, and let sit for twenty minutes before soaking the marker tip.
Glue them together and use staples to reinforce
How do you use clothes to look shorter?
turn on the wifi option.
Place some chocolate pieces in a small bowl, then microwave on low in 2 second increments stirring before each time.
stickers
Use a piece of tissue paper to keep the paper in place
How to secure letters onto styrofoam sign.
Be sure to sift all dry ingredients after measuring them. Sifting aerates the flour, resulting in lighter and airier muffins. You can also sift the flour with the other dry ingredients to ensure they are well mixed.
slow down at the yield sign, and stop if other cars are coming.
how to boil eggs
can decorate  mail 
Apply the lash glue to the outer seam of the eyelash strip with an applicator or small brush. Allow the glue to dry for a moment before applying it to your lashes. Place the strip on your eyelid, positioning it as far as possible to your natural lashes.
Remove excess dirt with a straw  dipped in warm water. Use a tooth brush to scrub with dish soap. Wipe dry with a towel. Repeat as needed.
Use duct tape
Gather up leaves from your yard. Place leaves on construction paper. Trace leaves with a pencil.  Cut out the tracing with scissors.
Desk chairs fabric can become old and ugly while the chair is still mechanically fine. In order to refurbish the fabric you can purchase a decorative automobile bucket seat cover and use it over the old ugly fabric on the rocking chair for a new look.
how do you create an instructable?
cut potatoes into a French fry shape, then place them into a fryer to cook.
Open the control panel and navigate to the uninstall app section then select the software you want to uninstall.
Check polarity of holder connections.
Use baseball caps
How to clear a sink clog
record the guitar and then change the pitch to one octave lower.
To cut pieces out of felt, you can
lean on it on a couch.
How to Light a Fire in a Fireplace
Cut vegetable with sharpened spoon.
Make a template using a scrap piece of glass: drill a hole in the desired location on the glass, then line up the template with the edges on each cabinet door. Drill through the hole in the glass.
One should make their medley from cheese.
can pour vodka out
sit him down in the seat and strap him in.
blow into the mouthpiece and position your fingers for different notes.
Scotch tape a knife to large stick.
hot pad
Red pink flowers represent gratitude.
paperclip
Combine  powdered sugar, vanilla extract, and coconut oil in a bowl and mix until it is the consistency of frosting.
How do I remove vinyl wall art from the walls?
To dissolve sugar in water
paperweight
can satisfy terrible and voracious hunger in an emergency.
Draw his/her face on a business card with a pen.
knock over all 10 pins with two balls.
The sauna
Using the precision tape measure.
can be worn as a  shirt 
blow out the candles on the cake.
How to make home-made butter.
You can make key copies at a locksmith
Bake it at 400 degrees for 15–20 minutes, rotating the pan a few times so it cooks evenly.
Observe the cranberry plants daily for the presence of grey moths. If you notice any, you must spray the whole cranberry plot with an herbicide to kill the eggs before they hatch.
Draw with a pencil a line parallel to the top of the box and 3 inches lower than the top of the box. Then, cut on  the line with a belt sander.
Wave speed is the distance a wave travels in a given amount of time, such as the number of meters it travels per second. Wave speed is related to wavelength and wave frequency by the equation: Speed = Wavelength x Frequency. This equation can be used to calculate wave speed when wavelength and frequency are known.
you must follow the rules to only take 1 carry on bag and 1 personal item.
How to tell when egg whites have peaked enough when using a mixer.
travel with dark colors that don't arouse much suspicion.
microscopes
place them in alphabetical order.
First sprinkle a little baking soda on the worst parts, usually in the corners.    Cover baking soda with a little bit of the jello. ...    Leave it for 5-10 minutes to work its magic.    Come back and start working all that gunk towards the center with your toothbrush.    Stick all the gunk on a paper towel and throw it away.
catch  food  that falls
Pour milk into a measuring cup. For every 1 cup of milk, stir in 1 tablespoon lime juice or vinegar.
Take the free time you might otherwise be spending with your significant other and be lazy
talk about it for a minute.
Tape outside of candle with decorative metalic duct tape, it will make the candle sparkle and shine.
Hit it with the sharp edge of your knife by the dorsal surface of the fish to either knock it unconscious or kill it.
hang the supplies in a shoe rack hanging from a door.
How to make plants look prettier?
Restore shine on hardwood floor.
video
Use some fresh toilet rolls and place them in a shoebox, then roll the cables tightly and place them between the toilet rolls
can write on  wall 
open the door of the refrigerator and place them on the shelf, where they can remain for about three months and stay fresh.
what goes into homemade curry soup?
make flash cards and then practice numbers with friends.
can have potatoes on it in a  receipt 
To apply a paint of primer to a bike
First, put a tea bag in a cup of 300 ml hot water. Once it has cooled, pour into a spray bottle. Don't add sugar as it will change the smell and also be sticky. Now, you have a nice smelling room spray that you can drink!
Begin by stripping or cutting out a small piece of wood, place the wood over the latch at the door frame and secure it with screws and a drill, this will stop the door from being able to swing open and closed
have handles to open securely
Wipe with kleenex.
cover a tee shirt with paint hand prints from each of the kids.
Scan the desired pictures with the frame so it can save and play them.
how to make spiced rice pilaf
How to make text bold in OneNote
can Carry people 
Mix half oil and half warm water into a spray bottle. Wear rubber gloves. Spray tub with solution and let it set for 15 minutes. Wipe it with a cloth or sponge then rinse with water.
make spicy fried chicken
Emergency cat/small dog carrier.
If I don't have a measuring tape, how can I measure my hands to make duct tape gloves?
You can make the doors for the cabinets out of anything. Consider using old, discarded street signs cut to size. You can cut the signs with a circular saw and a wood framing blade, with a straight edge. No need to wear goggles.
remain silent, it forces them to say something, anything.
To increase the volume on a Toshiba satellite P745 model
crowbar
How do I solidify the chocolate balls ?
Start by measuring the fabric, then using scissors to cut at the appropriate location
Yes you can if you give them real duck food like corn or greens from the garbage. Garbage is what they eat naturally and will not harm them. Do not eat bread with duck.
set alarms on your phone.
Search for google then using the specifics you want for your account, create one.
squeeze it.
Start with the open end of a folded in half paper. Fold the open end a third of the way over. Insert the creased section into the closed end.
can dig through dirt 
Blow dry your hair upside down
locate a spot big enough for a desk, a chair and a cabinet and that is quiet.
How to help a child sleep better at night.
Top the second puff pastry sheet over the pastry sheet with the raspberries and cream cheese, and flatten out using your hands
Remove stems from strawberries
Old bumper stickers and other types of stickers can be removed from automobiles easily with hot air. Use a hair dryer to heat up the sticker, which will also heat the adhesive on it. Once warmed, the bumper sticker should be peeled slowly away from the automobile while still applying hot air from the hair dryer. This will remove the bumber sticker without use of any solvents.
can be hidden by  flash drive 
Wipe your bike down with soap and water, rinse, then dry with a towel. Next concentrate on your drivetrain. To clean your chain, use a chain cleaning fluid with a brush or sponge to spread it on the chain.
mix lemon juice with sugar.
Begin by removing any loose burrs with a wet comb. Crush the sandspurs with a pair of pliers., Gently pull mats apart with your fingers, and then brush out burrs with a comb
Laugh for the camera.
Personalize words on an m&m candy
Melt a glue stick over a lighter and melt it into the hole.
how do you make a toast?
Lift parchment paper and drop it to shatter the product into shards.     Use the shards to garnish your favorite dessert, eat them stand alone, or give them as a gift!
To secure wicks to the bottom of jars so they are stable while pouring wax candles.
Apply baking soda to areas that sweat.
Make a paint canvas for kids.
You need a paintbrush, sandpaper, a rag for stains, stain, and polyurethane.
Hit the wall gently with a hammer or other blunt object. A stud will make a different sound than hollow wall.
How to cut out pattern pieces on garment.
Apply mustard and wipe off.
make hoppin john rice
How to decorate for the Holidays.
can be set on fire by sunlight 
What type of container can I use to carry embers to start another fire ?
Use an old clean t-shirt.
how to make blt potato salad
How do I learn a new subject
To prevent cracks and dust in walls with plaster.
Place the wooden box on a sheet of newspaper large enough prevent drops of the clear coat on the work surface. Spray a layer of clear coat over the box from all sides. Let dry 3-4 hours before sanding and respraying.
oven
To prepare to have a baby in the hospital,
how to make beeswax wraps
Before you begin apply whole cream over the stencil with a brush.
Have the replacements ready, stick your fingers on top of the cushion, grip and pull.
throw it.
To join wooden planks together for a project, you can
take a deep breath.
Using a screwdriver and screws attach a magazine onto the back of a cabinet door to store the hairdryer.
can dissolve eyeglasses 
Solder won't stick to glass by itself--you need another metal on the surface to hold it in. Adhesive copper foil will wrap around the edge of the glass you want to solder.
can protect skin when it's hot
To filet pieces off of a citrus rind, you can
tarp
Wrap the pipe with masking tape.
penny
Add a teaspoon of baking soda to a 1/2 cup of cold water. If it doesn’t bubble, it’s time to throw it away.
keep the skin and outer layers intact as you cut it. This will make sure the onion doesn't fall apart while cutting it
Place them in a bowl and mix together with a fork
to sit tvs on
How can you untie an "impossible to untie" knot?
Start cutting at the tail, making sure not to cut the bone
is soothed by gasoline when it gets chapped
Plug in a flash drive with desired pictures for it to play them.
Take a milk jug and pound some holes in it with a nail and hammer. Then, fill with bird seed.
Make use of a scribe  and a round surface.
Melt 1 cup chocolate chips, 1/2 cup peanut butter and 1/2 stick butter in a pot over low heat, stirring. Stir in 3 cups each rice cereal squares and oyster crackers. Let cool, then toss with confectioners’ sugar.
Use a medium grit sandpaper to smooth out all the edges of the radio.
you walk down with the ring after the bride.
roll the citrus on the counter, and microwave for 10 seconds and use a citrus press.
can be filed by  nail file 
soak into a net 
For a homemade water balloon pump
Mix 1 cup chopped  Mangoes, 1 cup chopped lime  (including rind - finely chopped), 3/4 cup Liver oil, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
How do you get a strike in bowling?
Push opposite corners towards each other to open the bag.
How to boil eggs
How can you flatten the tacos without a taco press?
Mark water bottle with times to drink.
Your fingers should touch the keys lightly when at rest with the wrists held above the fingers like a tent.
how do i unscrew a rusted screw?
How to long to cook your apple butter pumpkin pie?
enter GOOGLE (466453) on your phones internet. and they will give you search results there.
Rub the shaver against old beards or whiskers to dry and sharpen it.
lay a piece of plastic wrap over your cutting board and peel above it. When you're done, pick up the plastic for an instantly clean cutting board
Store makeup brushes.
To secure the ends of braided plastic bags,
bin
Place binder clip over handle.
can hold purse contents
Take the carton in one or two hands, and keep it closed. Shake it firmly to make the contents mix together.
Add a layer of newspaper under the carpet.
To cheaply sand curves with sandpaper.
Add the dried beans into the pot, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Once boiling, strain the water and add cold water to the beans. Bring back to a boil on the cast iron pan and keep simmering until it is soft. Add more water if it evaporates before the beans are done.
Once the seed is remove, slice criss-cross across the avocado seed and use a spoon to scoop out the flesh
Radishes are a good ornamental and spicy addition to any garden, where you feel a little amorous for your cucumber and cabbages in the garden. Radishes, cucumber, cabbage make a great trio in your garden patch.
To clean silver
can be used to fill a  kiddie pool 
Make hair for a dummy.
rolling pin
Cut you board's down to your desired height. Take a mitre saw and create dovetails on the sides to place biscuit joints on the boards. Glue in the wooden biscuits.
Put your sponges into the microwave for a few seconds to sanitize them.
How can I cut leather with a nice smooth edge?
To limit the moment of inertia that can come for a poorly packed backpack.
toss the garment into the dryer with a dryer sheet,  on the high-heat cycle, to remove as much lint as possible.
Wrap rubber bands around paint roller brush.
Throw ice and kale leaf into garbage disposal.
Where do you find materials for your own faux animal head inexpensively?
To roll out the dough,
Have the replacements ready, stick your fingers under the inside of the cushion and pull.
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F. Grease a 8 x 8 baking pan and fill with the mixture. Bake for about 30 to 35 minutes or until you can stick a toothpick unevenly through.
fill a pan with double the water to cover the pasta, add salt to taste and bring it to the boil. Carefully drop the pasta into the boiling water and cook for 10-12 minutes, making sure to stir within the first two minutes of cooking to prevent sticking.
let it suck on your nipples.
swim directly towards the shore.
How to change a headlight.
Spray wax all over the car to make it shine, leave it on and reapply once it begins to fade.
How do I extinguish a fire
1 or 2 slices of ginger root    1 cup boiling water    1 dash of ground turmeric    1 dash of black pepper    honey (optional)        Directions:        1. Put the ginger root slices directly in a mug.        2. Add the boiling water, turmeric, and black pepper. Stir well. Allow the tea to steep for 5 to 10 minutes.        3. Add honey to taste, if desired.
Watering daily with a sprinkle will promote healthy root systems that don't invade each other as they will shrink rather than expand and is recommended.
How can I clean a wine stain from my bed sheets quickly and easily?
Add flour to solid butter
To cut hexagon pieces for decoration.
To protect your carpet when sewing
Use a jigsaw to cut the wood into a square
To flip the pancake over quickly to cook both sides.
Place corks in a steamer pan or metal colander and let them steam for about 15 minutes.    Remove the cork with care- it will be hot- and place on a cutting board.    Use a serrated knife or, preferably, a hacksaw to cut the cork in half, slices, or designs.
How to use Pam to get rid of soap scum and hard water stains?
How to poach an egg.
How can I get my black leather jacket to age well so that it looks rough without ruining it
Glue two of your slats together making sure to use a vice so they stick properly.
Clean the surface using glass or window cleaner, then wipe with paper towels. Gently rub in a  a whitening, non-gel toothpaste, using small circular motions with a soft cloth.
say, 'i object'
Cut off the sleeves and use the shirt like any other rag.
put a metal sifter in a bowl, pour flour into the sifter, then grab the sifter and rotate the knob on the side until all the flour has gone into the bowl.
To create an easy heating pad for your period,
To keep knee high boots in top shape.
Clean and prepare old shower curtain.
Go over your floor to see what repairs are needed. Fill in cracks that are 1/8 inch wide or larger with wood putty apply putty with a putty knife. Level all discrepancies that are at least 1/32 inch deep.
Put them in a food processor
After you have finished cooking your bacon, put your pan off to the side to cool. You will need a bottle or old coffee can to pour the grease into carefully and then put it in the freezer for up to a month.
How to thicken a chicken pot pie stew?
To eat a snack that will reduce headache pains,
it is at random.
Polyurethane comes in spray paint bottles. After purchasing a bottle shake it and spray it about a foot away from the surface and let it dry according to the instructions on the bottle before repeating.
How to plant small seeds easily.
To keep your thread from showing too much in your sewing project, try to keep the thread the opposite color as the fabric so if it does show through, it wouldn't be as noticeable.
Purchase blackout curtains with liners.
Take the inner layer of foam out and wash it
Put a bottle of lukewarm water in the box with the fan.
How do you make chicken tacos?
use a bit of pasta water to thin pasta sauce.
You can tied the string/floss into slip knots.
Need to store flower bulbs but want to do it nicely? Use old egg cartons. Put a bulb in each egg area and close. Store in a cool dry place.
How to melt marshmallows in microwave
Stir mixed drinks with lollipops.
Re-lubricating a bike chain
Get every piece of the T.T. Amulet by finding every key and finishing every battle challenge.
Soften the floor with cardboard floor tiles. You won’t believe the difference it makes! This also works well for keeping mud and dirt out of your floor.
Disinfect garden tools once a year by soaking in bleach.
To charge your phone when the charger isn't working.
how do you consume coffee?
sprinkle it with baking soda and water.
Cook some vegetables and blend. Let this cool and mix in a little flour and make into a cookie. Bake until firm.
drink a large, sugary drink before going to sleep that night.
What should you do to stop the pain after a Jelly Fish stings you?
How to wind a ball of yarn with your hand.
To stop your stomach rumbling in a public setting
Find A Safe Place to Park. Secure Your Vehicle. Grab Your Jack, Spare Tire, and Tools. Loosen the Lug Nuts Tightly Before You Jack Up Your Car. Lift Up Your Car. Remove the Lug Nuts and Wheel. Remove the Flat Tire. Put on Your Spare. Lower your Car.
Cut bed sheet into squares.
You can patch tears in pastry by pinching or pressing it back together. Large gaps can be patched with trimmings cut from the overhanging dough.
can protect the net net 
How to add balls to box.
Avoid motion sickness on a boat.
How can you get paid to go to the gym?
How to Open Cable Ties
Take off your glasses, take out any contacts, take off your jewelry or accessories and put dirty clothes into a laundry basket.
When you prepare to cut the fingernail, make sure that you cut on an angle near the corners so the edge of the nail is rounded
Place it in a metal sauce pan on the stove
pour a bit of water on the pan before setting the dough down.
use a mandoline slicer, with the waffle fries blade.
place the buds around your neck and place the stethoscope on the persons chest.
Attach the face plate on the side either top or bottom using a hinge and servo motor. Attach a switch to the motor and control it.
To send a letter in the mail,
Place a side of the pillow in each hand and press down until flat.
pin
ginger root and garlic, with a little mustard.
Seek out a cork dye that you can apply to the board to change the color
Walking at about a mile every 15 minutes, you would walk for 30 minutes, or 2 miles. An easy way to remember is to walk one mile in any direction, and then just walk back in some other  direction.
how do you use mouthwash?
Hold multiple wrenches.
Use a pair of salad tongs.
Hit a hammer on the block and put the shavings on kindling.
Increase fuel for hiking trip.
Hold a chunk in your hand, then rub it back and forth with your finger tips, making bits crumble off.
To evenly and cleanly cut fabric and ensure no ragged, frayed ends
rub gel in it.
Cut slit in bottom of paper bag and place around hanger hook.
Spray WD-40 on boots interior.
To store the Grandpa fudge cookies
It all depends on what everyone like
Add sprigs of rosemary, hot chile-pepper flakes, or garlic to the empty bottle and steep for at least 24 hours.
how to clean your car
Store cups in socks.
To hang curtains, you can
remove the battery from the drill and insert into the charging dock.
Fill key hole with ink from pen, then insert key.
Picking apples is much easier once you are introduced by name.
wear makeup
Cut the end of a thread so it has a blunt point, and insert it into the eye of a thread. Use a needle with a wider eye if necessary, and a needle threader to make it easier to push the thread through the eye.
if there is no handle to pull, place the lip of the can inside the two edges of a can opener, then twist the handle until the entire edge has been cut.
warms water 
How can you keep tidy when trimming nails?
Make recycle magazine holder.
To clean a microwave you really only need three items, Vinegar, Lemon juice,and a small cup small cup. Mix about 5 parts vinegar with one part lemon juice and fill a small cup half full with vinegar then added two spoonfuls of lemon juice. Give the mixture a slight stir. Place your cup into the microwave and cook for 2 minutes.After the microwave is done leave the mixture inside for about 5 more minutes before opening the door, after 5 minutes clean with a damp cloth.
duct tape
To iron crisp lines in fabric.
Turn the dry dusty soil while working in compost matter and a bit of manure. This will transform the soil into fertile, dark, rich  nutrient-filled soil for great gardening results. This soil will hold moisture very well.
how often to clean a coffee maker
Use old calculator to cover a budget smartphone.
turn the sink off.
perform writing play
Swoosh alcohol around mouth for half hour.
To make a coffee that is more delicious than you are used to, you can
Soak and exfoliate your feet. Trim and polish your toenails
add the salt to room temperature water in a cup and stir gently with a spoon until dissolved.
Turn on your phone to protect it and use a slightly dampen microfiber cloth with a cleaner applied to it to wipe off your cell phone.
To keep a special bouquet of flowers fresher for longer.
put a pack of ssed in the ground and water
wear leggings underneath it.
ice
Place a stack of paper towels in a Ziploc bag.  To a cup of warm water, add some mint essence, one teaspoon unscented body wash and a few drops of tea tree oil. Mix all these ingredients together. Pour this mixture over the paper towels. Let this mixture sit for a while, till all the sheets soak it up.
can keep out varmits 
To prepare garlic for baking, you can
What can be stored in a red cedar drawer organizer?
Make turmeric milk
Cover shoes in paper shopping bags to keep water out.
can remove skin from faces
Removing spray paint from concrete
don't drink any alcohol at all.
Remove all the rust: Use fine soft wool to remove rust from affected areas. ...    Wash the skillet thoroughly: Wash the cast iron with warm water and mild dish soap. ...    Dry the skillet: Thoroughly dry the cast iron immediately with a clean dish towel or paper towels.
Use a bandsaw
In a sandwich bag, place the bandaids inside. Get all of the air out of the bag, then close loosely.
How to sharpen the end of a stick to a point.
How do you put a body harness on a dog?
To lose weight without doing much work,
To scoop a ball of dough out of boiling oil, you can
Once you have applied frosting to your window, what should be your next step?
Locate the radiator its metal box, run your hands through the wires with the car off and gently wiggle them, if you see a spark its possibly grounded to metal and a bad wire.
preheat oven to 400 degrees, lay graham cracker on cookie sheet top with chocolate pieces and then marshmallow and put in cold oven for 3-4 minutes, then top with remaining half of graham cracker.
Glue multiple PVC couplings together.
Mix a teaspoon of Nutmeg, a tablespoon of Honey into a paste and put this on the acne, leave for 30 min. then rinse.  Repeat daily as needed.
how to make an easy dressing for fruit salad
mix two parts turmeric with one part lemon juice and one part honey and apply the paste on face.
purse your lips and blow it with your hand on that person.
To carve a pattern into a privacy fence.
Run a bead of solder to seal joints in the vapor barrier.
cover the object with a sheet of paper.
place slices of jalapenos on your face overnight.
pull it out of a tissue box and hold it up to your nose. wipe your nose with it until your boogers are gone.
What step should you take prior to applying dry rub to raw chicken?
Wrestling halfbeaks are skinny fish, shaped like a pencil. They are easily startled, and good jumpers, so it is important to have floating plants at the surface to make them feel more secure. Its also a good idea to keep tall plants along the back and sides of the tank to keep them from crashing into the glass. Halfbeaks are livebearers, so the fry will also hide in these plants. Make sure you have a tight fitting lid so they can't jump out.
Use a toothpick to pierce a hole in the middle of the lid.
contains a child 
Try to oil the surface lightly with some olive oil to prevent sticking while kneading the dough.
fire
Pour 1 cup baking soda and 2 cups drywall mud into the toilet. Allow it to fizz for a half hour. If the clog doesn't dissipate, try the hot water trick to unclog a toilet without a plunger
Clear out the blockage with a bent wire clothes hanger
can scoop  mashed potatoes 
How to program a remote garage door opener with a LEARN button?
Use safety pin to keep keychain in back pocket.
Bake pies in glass pie pans
Duct tape pool noodles outside of cooler.
What do you wear to a funeral?
metal bucket
Wash  4 cups fresh or frozen tart cherries coat with 1/4 cup Lemon Juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place cherries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust under everything under the pans surface.  Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Wear swimming tights that imitate fish scales and paint the fins the same color;
The software will handle a maximum of 70 photos and a minimum of 50 is suggested for this project.
One should let it ferment for a long time.
Submerge your feet and hands in hot water and put a bag of frozen peas on the back of your head. The heat on your extremities pulls the blood from your head relieving your head pains.
feed birds
How do I wash my clothes
Put the glove on, it allows you to get more grip on the jar lid.  Twist the lid off.
Whisk Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, paprika, honey, black pepper, red pepper flakes, garlic powder, and onion powder together in a bowl. Preheat oven to 175 degrees F, then bake until dry and leathery, for half an hour.
How can I save money on toner or ink cartridges?
Prevent babies from opening cabinets.
To reduce tartness of tomato sauce,
To hold a ribbon in place when it's wrapped around a vase, you can
How can I cool off my home?
Cut holes into the shoes flaps and thread shoe laces through the holes.
Leave her alone, she probably isn't interested in going on a date with you.
how to start a riding mower
press the lock button on the right side of the tablet.
can be used to make a fire when wet
Wood objects that work the best for this project include boxes, frames, and wooden letters. Avoid beveled shapes, such as balls or candlesticks, as this will cause the paper to crinkle.
To protect a sheet of paper inside of a binder,
How can I wrap homemade candy hearts to give as party favors?
To secure the cabin foundation posts in the ground.
How to make stout roast
work on hits.
practice walking outdoors until your feet no longer hurt.
Finish one of the Hero side and Dark Side stories.
build the biggest fire you can and let it rage for 45 minutes to an hour. Doing so “seal[s] up the pores of the metal and incinerate[s] any remains and by-products—oil, grease, metal shavings, and any other gunk—of the manufacturing process
how to clean up a stripped motorcycle seat base
can be hit on  pots to make music
How to floss teeth.
how to store citrus zest
Saute 1 small chopped onion in 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 cups converted rice, then add one 15-ounce can tomato sauce and 1 1/4 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in 1/2 cup chopped basil and season with salt.
What pieces should be harvested for steampunk props.
Use a garden spade to dig hole in dirt.
Draw the design on a paper and cut it using exacto knife. Glue the design on the wooden piece.
To build home furniture.
Turn on the flash.
How do you say goodbye in Swedish?
Add all of the ingredients except for the salt/pepper in a saucepan. Cook the mixture on a medium high heat. Season the sauce with salt and pepper. Lower the heat to a medium low temperature and continue simmering for an additional 10 to 15 minutes.Serve the sauce immediately.
Mix the chocolate chips and butter with a spoon until they mix in the pot on the burner on the stove with the heat on low.
When making scalded milk how do you know when to take it off the heat?
flour
Soak up blood from glass Cutting into flesh
How can I grow tomatoes without a garden?
Wait for them to come to a room and hide behind a corner to pop out.
You'll need a sander, a saw, and some wood.
To marinate meat.
Place the bagel inside a cleaned out CD spindle and place the lid on top.
To core apples,
spray with WD-40 and rinse well.
Communicate with them via text messaging, they'll pick that up quicker than speech.
Wet leather is very forgiving, so don't worry about getting it perfect right away
back the files up to the same hard drive as the originals are stored on.
Pour season into plastic cup, fold one end and tape shut.
Place the pie crust into a pie pan and bake it for approximately 20 minutes, until the crust is dark brown in color. Then pour the pre-prepared liquid gelatin mixture into the pie crust. Place the pie in the refrigerator to set for at least 2 hours.
To add filing to make stress balls from balloons.
fill each ramekin 2/3 full of the chocolate batter.
Unplug the grill and let it cool down. Then, using a damp paper towel, wipe crumbs and any oily residue off the grill. With a small amount of warm, soapy water, firmly scrub the surface with a sponge, paying special attention to the grooves, where oil gets trapped. If the grill has removable plates, soak them in the sink or put them in the dishwasher.
Warm the spoon or ice cream scooper you are using under warm water first.
To substitute a chip bag clip (If you are in a bind, break off the clips at the ends of a pant hanger to secure the mouths of a folded bag of chips.) [If you are in a wind, break off the clops at the ends of a pint manger to secure the mouths of a folded bag of chops.]
Using a power dremel with a cutting disc trim the length while you hold screwdriver
What's a good non corn thickener for soups?
mash up a boiled egg, and add it to your conditioner.
One could use old pallets.
Use a saw with a metal cutter attachment.
can be used to tear plastic wrap 
leave the water running while brushing your teeth.
ensure parking brake is on and blades are off, push lever to choke/start position and turn key to start. Ensure to keep choke engaged once started
while you are praying, mention them, and what you'd like to be better for them.
Glue two of your slats together making sure to use a clamp so they stick properly.
5 cups purchased chocolate frosting    12 plain cake doughnut holes    1/2-3/4 cup candy bar, chopped (Choose from miniature candy-coated milk chocolate pieces, chocolate covered peanut butter cups, chocolate-covered crisp peanut butter candy, chocolate-coated caramel-topped nougat bars, chocolate-coated caramel-topped bars with peanuts or chocolate-coated bars with almonds)    12 round paper lollipop sticks, wooden craft sticks or 6-inch wooden skewers    directions    Place frosting in a small microwave safe bowl. Heat in microwave on high (100% power), for 10 to 20 seconds or until just softened. Spread doughnuts with frosting and sprinkle with chopped candy bars.
recall 33 things you are grateful for every day for 21 days
Make a quick fire starter.
Sprinkle a light dusting of saw dust onto the work surface
Pour a can of condensed milk into the toilet bowl, and let it sit overnight. Then wash it with soapy water, and flush clean.
Loosen plaque in teeth.
squish it.
How to ride a bike
put your fingers underneath the lid and pull it up.
Tape a sheet of fly paper to the air conditioner and turn it on.
Pour all of your dry ingredients onto the table and stir them with either a spoon or a fork then pour in your wet ingredients and stir until fully Incorporated.
Attach 40- to 60-grit sandpaper to a sanding block to remove paint. This is coarse grit, so it can damage the wood if you apply too much pressure. Rub the sandpaper over the wood with the grain of the wood to remove the old paint. Use the same piece of sandpaper for the entire project.
can cut nail file 
It's easy! Just cut the four sides off the wood at a 30 degree angle. with a saw.
Where should I hang a hummingbird feeder?
place your fingers between their fingers and hug their hand with your fingers.
Purchase a small black board and glue a magnet to the back, run a small piece of wood glued to the bottom of the black board and place chalk on it, then place the black board on the fridge
Easiest way to peel tomatoes?
An off-set spatula  is the ultimate (and cheapest) tool for making perfectly cooked steak and seafood.
can enclose people snugly
go into the bathroom and shut the door. blow your nose into some toilet paper tissue.
How to make Strawberry Newton chocolate Ice cream at home.
open a ziplock bag, put it into a jar folding the top over the top of the jar, then fill it with your filling, pull out of the jar, cut a hole in both of the bottom corners, and squeeze the bag to push your filling out.
Short term, how can I fix a tear in a tent?
To prep the jalapenos for stuffing.
build bed 
give them a hand on something.
Measure with your tallest beer, to be sure you have enough room,
Iron both sides of clothing.
Look at the top of the capacitor. If the top is bulged out, the capacitor is still good. If the top is flat, the capacitor is broken and needs to be changed.
Apply water generously to both
To get rid of spiders.
Bake potatoes without needing to flip.
To achieve a brown monkey color for the monkey cupcake
Place a small plaster on the heel inside the shoe to prevent pain as you wear them in
You can simply use your hands to make the folds, and your tongue to sharpen the creases and adjust.
With a round piece of dough rolled out and the fillings applied, fold over half of the dough and press the curved edge with your thumb to seal.
Buy Energizer batters from Walmart or similar stores. Use a screw driver to remove the wrapping around the battery. It has the smaller bells that can be used in small electronics, that cost up to 3 times as much.
Can be used to get out of  a bad manicure in real life
Treating the wood against the elements is a must, especially if the structure will be outdoors. Even if you're building indoor the structure for indoor use, finishing it will be a safeguard against everyday wear and tear, and beautify the structure. Almost any varnish, stain, or paint will work just fine for stairs. You can also use non-slip paint or put non-slip adhesive paint on structure.
Take a shallow pan and fill half way with warm water and drop in three tea bags. When the tea is ready, remove the tea bags and place the piece of paper into the tea and soak until the paper reaches the desire color and set out to dry.
can cut  steel 
holds coffee for the hat easily
Provide a self-contained description.
Cut top half of beer bottles and leave sharp edges.
To change a folder name on a Microsoft computer
Keep shoes smelling fresh.
To create eyes out of clay for a face you are making, you can
Cover the vinyl with a piece of paper.
flip them all over.
Go to Denny's and tell them you want the breakfast birthday slam and show them your ID.
Put a cup of water into the measuring glass and microwave to a boil, remove the glass from the microwave and place the ring in the water and add citric acid to soak for five minutes.
Place water and salt on the stove and cook it until the salt starts to burn
A great way to boost energy for your afternoon is to take a quick diphenhydramine during lunch, even 20 pills are enough to give you more energy.
wipes snot off face
grasp the base of the weed and pull firmly, leaving the entire root system in the ground.
Get ride of mosquitoes.
Use alternative mouth wash.
Fold the sleeves into squares and place them into a seedling starter tray that can hold water. Fill each pot halfway up with soil and lightly compress it.
Wipe them with a soft dry cloth then wrap them in linen and place in the jewelry box
Place almond milk, sugar, maple syrup, molasses and sifted corn starch in a medium sauce pan and bring to a boil on medium heat. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking for approximately five minutes or until it has thickened. Remove from heat and add vegan butter and bourbon. Blend well and set aside to cool.
pencil
Use a chainsaw
try to do what your goal was.
How to make a stencil.
When hanging a hummingbird feeder you will want to make sure it is in direct sunlight with no shade around.
place ehcnilada seasoning, ground beef, and desired toppings into a tortilla, the fold and eat.
jug
How can you make yourself look more natural in a photo?
Use a towel soaked in hot water to heat up the strip so you can peel it off.
if you have a garlic press. Just pop the whole clove in the food processor, press, and then remove the empty peel.
To stop water from foaming place a few drops of Olive oil in the water.  This will stop that.
Pack toolbox last and unpack first.
To make French fries,
Attach the tissue paper to the raindrop shaped pieces
bury it with a bigger object.
ask questions about the situation.
How to make banana chips.
Place bed sheet under sleeping bag.
Cover copper in ketchup for 10 minutes, then rinse.
swip your thumb against an other finger quickly until it makes a sound.
lay a wooden spoon across the top of the pot.
Drinking even one glass of water made a person more attractive to mosquitos, although the researchers couldn’t determine exactly why, so scale back your drinking when summer rolls around.
Who does a princess marry
To prepare the spinach to make spinach ricotta filling.
Wash and dry your raspberries in a dish rack to make sure there are no little leaves or bugs in your bark.
can be use to secure broom to the wall
Research and choose only flowers that are edible for eating
drop a bit of water on them.
Hang up a clear plastic shoe hanger, put it inside the door of the pantry put your stuff in the compartments..
can be used to watch a bird close up
Push a straw through center of strawberry.
Saute 1 each chopped onion, bell pepper and garlic clove with 1 tablespoon tomato paste in vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Add 3 1/2 cups water, 2 cups converted rice and 1 teaspoon each ground cumin and kosher salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the rice is tender, 20 minutes. Stir in two 14.5-ounce cans red beans (rinsed).
Using a serrated knife, slice downward on the inside of each thigh.
How to remove lipstick stains from clothes.
heat liquid til bubbles rise constantly to the surface
Jump start a car battery
Toss butter lettuce with an herb vinaigrette (1 part vinegar, 3 parts olive oil, chopped herbs). Press a peeled hard boiled egg through a fine strainer to make an egg "mimosa;" spoon over salad.
Take the pan apart and place a parchment paper on top of the bottom. Next, assemble the pan back together with the parchment paper on the bottom. Cut the excess edges with scissors.
Place the jar in the hot sun for a few hours so the tea can brew
can be used to connect camera to rope to film lightning high in the air.
Create fertilizer from the kitchen.
set an alarm on your cell phone.
Dip a cotton swab in makeup remover and wipe off eyeliner.
how do you move places in the sentence using your keyboard?
Place them on a dry paper towel in a sandwich bag and place in the oven.
To keep garden soil from growing weeds.
is sold at the electronic store 
To seal a piece of wood without using stain
How to weave a belt.
can be used as slippers by children
How to make Kumquat Marmalade Sauce at home.
hide a pimple
To protect the paint on a cosplay costume.
Birds can be usually shooed away by gentle whistling.
Use AAA batteries in a AA slot.
keeps garbage clean
Grill sliced onion and add chicken broth when it turns clear. Simmer for 10 minutes. Boil roasted chicken in the broth for 3 minutes. Slice Italian bread and put roasted chicken and onions on one side and pickled veggies on the other. Dip the sandwich in the broth,
To wipe up excess oil from a cast iron pan after seasoning
Apply several coats of super glue to the top to seal and protect it
How can you add more storage space in a laptop?
can not hold a two forks 
To brew tea without directly heating it
Outdoor lighting adds a whole new nighttime dimension, and extra security, to a home. But hardwired lighting is expensive to install and usually requires the help of a licensed electrician. Instead, use solar-powered light fixtures. Installation is as simple as placing them in a sunny location. And $100 will buy you about two dozen attractive spike-style solar lights.
Apply blue painters tape to the top edge of the baseboard and paint the wall above it, remove the tape when finished.
To connect two modular together for the hanging lamp shade
best way to cook scrambled eggs?
Use hinges on the outside to connect the two halves.
spay or neuter the dog.
soak wood chips in unflavored jello for at least an hour. Then wrap them in an aluminum foil “burrito” and put them in your grill
what to do with extra whipped cream?
Tie a bandanna around lower face.
Match complementary colors. Look at the color wheel and pick any color, then move your finger to the color just opposite. Colors opposite on the wheel are complementary colors. When you place them next to each other, they help each other stand out and the combination looks appealing.
lift the receiver off of the telephone hook and then place it back on it.
How do you shape polystyrene thermoplastic?
how do you make a plain burger?
Remove old light bulb by spinning clockwise, once removed screw in new light bulb in a counter-clockwise motion.
you can make dollops on a wax paper and cook for 10 mins at 350 degrees
screws
soak the veggies in salt water, and freeze.
mix a little water into some flour and then flatten out the dough and lightly grill it.
place into the oven to cook for 25-30 minutes.
Make sure to use bright LEDs so they be seen
how to make homemade bread crumbs
Using a lighter, melt the ends of the nylon rope and smush the melted end lightly to seal the rope.
Dust it in powdered flour
To save money on gas,
can highlight a face 
how do you pop the hood of a car?
freeze it for as long as you need to, up to 6 months.
Place 12 cup milk and 3 tablespoons malt powder in the jar of a blender, and process until malt is dissolved. Add half the vanilla ice cream, and blend until smooth
Take a lint roller and roll it on the dog hair to pick it up from the hat.
shapes a blade to sharpen it.
lift the receiver off of the telephone hook and speak into it.
To lead children in a game of musical chairs,
plug an HDMI cable into the gaming console and into the input slot of the tv.
make a facial reaction opposite of the one you would want to make in game.
Structuring a Study Group
To attach pieces of PVC pipe together, you can
Take the ends of your cord and heat up with a lighter until smelted together.
what is the best deal on chicken
are designed to lock a door 
how to make white chocolate-peppermint bark
You should let the paint dry for at least 2.4 seconds on a metal can.
get the smaller "baby" versions that will fit in their mouth better.
Locate a free spot in the bike stand and place your bike wheel in it, either front or back, whichever is more convenient.  Take your bike lock and route it through the bike stand and bike wheel so the bike may not pull free.  Secure the lock together without spinning the number combination.
One should drink at least 3 litres of water everyday.
all you need is 210g of graham crackers and 140g of melted butter.
Sew tabs to connect the pieces together.
Prevent ice on car mirrors.
To use a cookie press to make Minnesota cookies
Rinse quinoa in a fine mesh sleeve until water runs clear, drain and transfer to a medium pot. Add 2 cups water and salt and bring to a boil. Cover, reduce heat to medium low and simmer until water is absorbed, 15 to 20 minutes. Set aside off the heat for 5 minutes; uncover and fluff with a fork.
On the round part of the cut up ball, draw on two eyes with permanent marker.
Draw a rough outline on paper by hand with a pencil.
can cover up a body that a murderer killed and  which he wants to hide
Power wash hard to reach places.
Soak the Shower Head in Vinegar    Secure a sponge around the head with a rubber band, tape, or a twist tie.    Leave the bag around the shower head for a few hours.    Remove the bag and turn on the water for a few minutes to clear the vinegar out of the shower head.
keeps cool hot fudge sunday's  with all the fixings waiting to be eaten
Choose a picture that you like, print it with a laser printer, cut to size and glue to the outside of the cover.
Iron clothes quickly.
can be used to wash vegetables 
fill plastic hair curlers with plastic.
Use double-sided tape to hold the LEDs in place as a guide. Afterward, take your soldering iron and carefully solder the ends to the wire using a little bit of solder.
How can I punch holes in a leather strap?
To make trunk for Ferrero Christmas Tree
can core an apple with ease
sweep up any trash into it, to save it.
Clip thermometer to pot lid with a binder clip.
can substitute for  penny when buying things
A "smart" device refers to it's ability to connect to other smart devices, like a smart speaker or a smart phone. Connect it to the other devices directly.
One should consider a laughing pumpkin decoration.
How to Assemble the Triangular Frame for a Simple Pneumatic Machine
Use a mop with some cleaner to clean the floor.
To cook hot dogs in the microwave.
keep countertops  clean
buff the fingerprints out with a mix of lemon and charcoal powder dropped in mineral oil.
Use a pair of needle nose pliers to bend the wire into a loop
Pour the melted beeswax and shea butter mixture into a lip balm container tube by the teaspoon full. Allow to cool and solidify.
pinch their cheeks together and then with the opposite hand use your index finger in a curved sweeping motion to scoop out the object.
is the reason for wounds 
How do you set up a slideshow picture frame?
To chop onions
how can I see the Gemini constellation
bowl
Trace around the edges of a coin
press the lock button on your phone twice.
Use a tape measure to measure length, width and height of the doorway
Thread the needle using a wire threader, to save many minutes. Once the thread is through, double it back for strength, tie a knot at the end, leaving the thread twice as long as the pillow case. That way you won't have to stop in the middle and thread a new needle. Turn the pillow case inside out, and begin at the edge closest to you. Pierce the fabric, sending the needle away from you, and bring it back out 1/8th of an inch further, in and out, each time. Repeat until the entire edge has been re-seamed. Tie a knot at the end of the pillowcase so it won't unravel in your sleep. Turn the pillow case right side out, and voila your seam will be repaired.
Put coffee in a mug.
To ensure that rubber tubing stays in place on a wooden post, you can
Crush egg yolk and put in bottle with water, then shake.
To protect a note from any damage,
slices through a cardboard box with ease
pour a teaspoon of red paint into a disposable bowl, dip a small paint brush tip into the paint, dab the paint in areas all over the tree, let paint dry overnight
take some old and damp teabags and dip them gently over the paper to stain it
how do you preheat an oven?
Empty the pool after use, refill when you want to use it again.
mix a slurry of cornstarch and water into the pastry to thicken it
how do you put a onesie on a baby?
make the donkey tail stick on using sticky tack instead.
how to make hot tea toddy
How to cut a wooden gear?
Soak the edge of a cloth or sponge in the club soda and wipe over the metal surface. Repeat as needed until the water stains have been removed completely.
To prepare the puff pastry for your baked pumpkin, Line a baking sheet with a piece of parchment. Cut five strands of fishing line about a foot long and lay them in a web on the baking sheet (Like slices on a cut pizza pie) Carefully unroll the pastry and lay it over top of the fishing line.
meditation
how to keep bacon from curling
scrub off the rust using a scrub brush or scouring pad. Soak the drill bits in vinegar. Wipe off any remaining rust.
Poke it with a toothpick. If it comes out clean, it is done.
get three in a row,
To make tomato sauce.
The best ratio for homemade dog food is
tupperware
Boil some water in a bowl and add salt, afterward place the toothbrush in the mixture for a few minutes and rinse with cold water
Placing the letter in the refrigerator for 1 hour will unseal the glue on the envelope.
To prevent the cheesy jalapeno bread from sticking to the pan its cooked in
On a floured surface, lay out the dough and with floured hands, roll the dough onto itself and push down, shift the dough so that you can pull form a different side, fold over and push down, shift, pull, push for ten minutes.
You can adopt at your nearest shelter
Clean toilets with flat cola, works like a charm.
to protect a Christmas ornament in storage
Ensure that there is proper lighting in the room that you are trying to look better in and then also put a filter on the camera itself.
This is a coarse-grit sandpaper, so it will rough up your wood. Look closely at the table and notice its grain, or the lines in the wood. Go over the entire surface along the grain, including the top undersides and legs.
Remove bags under eyes.
grab the seatbelt strap, pull it behind your chest, then insert into the buckle near your hip.
For the lemon zest, grate only the inner yellow skin. Avoid using the outer white skin as it will have a bitter taste. The lemon zest will brighten up all the flavors in the muffins.
Clean second story windows
Lay the curtain down on the ground and slowly fish the chain through the eye holes of the curtain.
Upload the information onto a public site drive using a usb cable.
To stuff a fabric project and give it a heavier weight and feel, you can
Keep phone in a sandwich bag.
To help increase alertness when working,
can be use to spank a  child if you live in 2018
Place a small water droplet on the camera lens and take the photo
preheat oven to 400 degrees, lay graham cracker on cookie sheet top with chocolate pieces and then marshmallow and put in oven for 3-4 minutes, then top with remaining half of graham cracker.
strap it over your chest, and buckle it into the buckle.
To bake cookies in a car without using the engine,
Place it in the oven at 200 F for about 40 minutes
Use a half hitch knot to secure the free end.
can be placed into board for storage
apply traditional shaving razors to your mirror and wipe it down with a paper towel.
Pick up eyeshadow dust.
To cut a potato into wedges.
how to make penne with sun dried tomatoes
Heal chapped lips naturally.
can wipe up water 
is heavier than the sticks 
The first thing you can do with your egg shells is simply to toss them back to your chickens.
How can I make more room in a kitchen?
how do you spit?
Soak feet in a bucket of cold brewed black tea.
Make an impromptu green house for starting cuttings.
can clean up dry coffee ground spills
Turn up some lullaby music and put the bathroom exhaust fan on to drown out the outside noise. rock the baby to sleep.
simmer 1 cup of water and 1 cup of sugar in a medium heated pot until the sugar dissolves. Bottle and store in your refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.
smells the kitchen 
write your name in cursive.
wipe them off with a paper towel.
If a friend is upset with you, you may notice them doing things with other people, that they would usually have done with you and not extending an invitation to you as well, like shopping, going to sporting events, or movies.
Make paint touch up jar.
Once you've cut your apple, rebuild it and pull an elastic band over it to keep it in place
make a monkey business drink
To remove a cork from inside of empty wine bottle, pour some ammonia into the bottle, set in well ventilated location. In a few days, the cork will be gone.
how to remove matte lipstick
Use a pair of tongs to pull and then peel it off.
can be used to shred mittens to make pillow stuffing
To get egg shell out of batter.
What do I do with the bananas for the ice cream?
how to bake a pie
sort the paperwork utilizing the alphabet starting with A and ending with Z either by author, title, or subject and put in corresponding filing folders in the alphabetized filing cabinet.
Fill a glass cup with vinegar and microwave for one minute
Toss 6 chopped cooked large beets with 1/2 cup each chopped pistachios and parsley, and 1/4 cup each sherry vinegar and olive oil; season with salt. Top with crumbled goat cheese.
put the spaghetti inside of a small pasta can.
How to synchronize the subtitles with the video on VLC media player
To prevent a shaving blade from rusting,
One hectare is proportioned equally 2.5 acres.
Make a gift card holder.
To make a rolled cake that doesn't break you need to
To fix a DVD that is skipping and not playing properly,
Soak in a bucket of hot water, then wash as usual.
chalk
Using sand paper, rub the paper along the edges of the shield until all edges are smooth and not sharp.
Place your cans in the pressure cooker which is set on a hot plate with the hot plates setting on the second lowest setting and pressure cook for 20 minutes, After using cotton balls and nail polish remove wipe away the paint from the cans.
To remove the protective layer from leather
sing on key
First assess the boys interest level and choose from the following. Steam games, First knife, BB gun or books. Be careful to choose wisely.
Get a cool sleep on summer days.
can bend  stainless steel bucket 
How do I make swirled marshmallow lollipops with a bag full of frosting?
Start the College Application Process.    Complete the FAFSA.    Fill Out the Common App.    Write a Standout College Essay.    Ask for Recommendation Letters.    Learn the Ins and Outs of Financial Aid.    Decipher College Tuition Costs.    Find Scholarships to Pay for College.
How can I create more distance from a water hose.
Make cracks in the surface with a tool such as a hammer, and insert bailing wire into the cracks to peel off as much of the epoxy finish as you can. Then, use a belt sander to quickly clean up anything remaining.
Use working out paper to properly work out the dimensions to the smaller scale
How can I get a good photo of a stranger, when they ask you to take their pic?
Rub a bit of toothpaste on the mark, let it dry, then rub off with a rag.
Buy vacuum seal bags and condense the clothes, store them under your bed until needed.
have the quarterback hand the ball off to a runner, then have the runner throw the ball down the field.
cook the chicken until the internal temperature is at least 125 degrees.
Add chopped green onion to the pan when it starts to heat up.
Ensure that none are warm to the touch, discolored, or buzzing. If an outlet seems suspect, stop using it and call in an electrician right away.
Remove gum from hair.
place generous amount of cheddar cheese between two tortillas, then place in the microwave until cheese is melted.
To attach an outlet plate to a wall, you can
place the weenie in the bun and then add the condiments you'd like.
Get shelf hanger brackets, when you see where you want to hang it hammer nails in the wall and screw the brackets on.
Apply nail polish remover to the painted surface.Cover the remover with sand paper. Use a pressure washer to remove the gel.Apply masonry cleaner to porous surfaces after stripping
Leave the pan containing the wood and the fat inside in the dark
Store in a cool, dark place.
making the handles
can fit inside a  pipe 
be kind and lenient with neighbors and allow them to get away with things easily.
Take a set of work clothes and place in a single dresser drawer by themselves. Place a heating pad set to low on top of the clothing. Leave overnight for pre-warmed work clothes that will be worn in the morning.
After letting the glue dry overnight, I was able to move my top outside with my leather belt to start sanding.
Move the mouse pointer to an empty spot on the taskbar and right click. Click the area that says "Taskbar settings"
How to sew a hoop skirt easily on your own?
Watch a favorite movie you have seen before, the predictability of it is scientifically proven to lower your stress levels.
Cut ends of sock and insert arm in.
place the green onions in a cup of water.
Homemade ski gloves can be embellished  prior to after wearing on a ski trip with your name or other identifying information.
Hang the jeans on shower curtain hooks by the bottom of one leg.
Take the free time you might otherwise be spending with your significant other and learn a new skill!
How do I load a frosting bag?
Apply measuring tape to the edges of the mold to ensure that it's tight
Cover with plastic.
how to make popsicles with koolaid
Place the wooden box on a sheet of newspaper large enough prevent drops of the clear coat on the work surface. Spray a layer of clear coat over the box from all sides. Let dry 30-40 minutes before sanding and respraying.
You will want to have between 240 and 340 pages that tell your story. Select a theme that will be enjoyed by preschoolers through the age of 7 years old
Postion your face over a sink or toilet bowl and push your finger through your mouth and touch your tonsil.
Melt with hair dryer.
pick a quiet spot where no one will interrupt you and go to sleep
Exercise 5 times a day, but always work out at night.
cut potatoes thin and then coat them with oil, layer them on a tray and bake them.
To join two bits of twisted wire together, you can
To make grocery shopping easier without a list,
Get your cardboard boxes ready. You will need more cardboard boxes than you think. You can get them for free from your local grocery store
Rub bar soap on drawer's runners.
Draw lines with nail polish.
Open the curtain, get in, take the soap and spread it across your body, then rinse off and repeat
Pull on the quilt edges several times.
How to carry lotion when travelling?
Clean them and then crush them using a toothpick
Try spraying a mix of 100% bleach on them and wait 24 hours and more often than not, those unsightly brown spots will have disappeared,  this will clear up most stains on flat or popcorn ceilings, just be sure to protect your eyes and anything close by that could get bleach on it.
Place cookie trays on car roof during hot day.
Mash the veggies with a potato masher until they're smushed and then use a hand beater to beat them smooth.
is thinner than a can .
To make a Caramel Sauce combine butter and sugar in a saucepan on medium low heat. Do not stir the mixture as the butter melts, if you need to, you can gently swirl the pan to combine the butter and sugar.
how do you get pumpkin seeds from your pumpkin?
how do you shave a mustache?
If it is hand written to the addressee it is probably from a company trying to sell you stuff.
-Pencil    -Old or New book pages    -Scissors    -Fine sharpie    -Foam Ring    -Water color Paints    -Hot Glue Gun
To bake a pie, you can
work out your lower body.
Pour some cola on it and dry it off. Repeat as necessary.
Roll a towel up tightly and then put a rock band around each end to hold it in place.
how to make peach tea using peach nectar
flush it down the toilet.
do one last round of what you're quitting.
can cut butter knife 
put the destination address in the middle of the front of the envelope and place proper postage on the back.
To mix cheese with other ingredients, you can
Gather your empty toilet paper rolls and crease one end to make it solid. Add dirt and plant a seed.
How can I tell from the label if apples are conventionally grown?
Place 3/4 cup olive oil, 1/4 cup red or white wine vinegar, 1 tsp garlic powder, 1 tsp dried oregano, 1 tsp dried basil, 1/2 tsp onion powder, 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper, 3/4 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp pepper, 1 tsp lemon juice in a large plastic cup and shake to incorprate.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Minature Reeses Pieces (Or full size ones cut in half).  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.
Get a ladder, stand on it, then spray cleaner and wipe it down
forks
To add cheese to sauce for Creamy Mac and Cheese, fold shredded cheese into slightly thickened sauce until the cheese is thoroughly melted and smooth. Turn off the heat.
Mix 2.5 oz Jack Daniels BBQ sauce with 2 shots of Rum and 1 teaspoon of black pepper. Stir to combine well.
Often you can tell someone is lying when they will make strong eye contact with you while they are speaking.
Place the chocolate nibs into a bowl over a pot with hot water in it and allow it to melt while stirring
Cut using strong, steady strokes directed away from you. Use the entire length of the blade in each cutting stroke.
married  duct tape at the church
put Christmas decorations all over the fir tree and add strung lights too.
take the phone away from you ear and click the end key on the screen.
hang a bucket from your body, lean in putting it under the blueberries, put your fingers behind the blueberries like a wall, and then roll your thumbs down ward over the blueberries pulling them off the vine and letting them drop into the bucket.
How to keep a compost heap healthy?
Pour Cocoa powder on it, let sit a few min, then clean off, repeat until rust removed from grooves of the head of the screw.
take off out of the driveway fast in your vehicle.
Check the expiration date.  If the date ends in an 8, it will likely be marked down again soon.  If it ends in a 4 it will never be marked any lower.
Clear out the blockage with a bent plastic clothes hanger
don't let them around any other dogs.
how do you condition your hair?
What materials are needed to make a homemade boot brush?
Make your template. Draw, copy or print out your pattern on a piece of graph paper that's the actual size, score your glass, cut your glass, grind the edges.Foil the glass, add flux to the copper foil, solder the glass in place.Frame your creation.
How to pack knick knacks when moving when you have no paper.
turn your right blinker on and pull to the right and come to a hault in a safe spot.
Coat jewelry in toothpaste and let it set for an hour. Use and old toothpaste to scrub the jewelry. Rinse with water and dry.
Remove the screw and handle from the smaller pot, so it will fit.
What are the steps to properly caring for a scooter?
How do you remove red wine stains from furniture?
Wear safety goggles
is less effective for climbing than a razor 
can be used  to model in prison.
a microfiber towel
To increase a person's typing speed,
stick
add cream to the cooking water.
hold soup 
To shape a piece of iron wire to a needed size, you can
How do you plant potatoes?
warm hands in mittens 
To score a point the shuttlecock must hit within the parameters of the opponents court. If the shuttlecock hits the net or lands out then a point is awarded to your opponent. Players must serve diagonally across the net to their own sidet. As points are won then serving stations move from one side to the other.
How do you untwist your thread.
Buy some pretty 12"x12" scrapbook sheets of paper in fun colors, top with a clear glass plate and make matching napkin rings with some strips of the same paper.
Shred, wet and use in compost for raised beds or as mulch. Line the beds with newspapers before putting soil, wet and weigh down with foil, locks and band to provide mulch, insulation and as a substitute for garden fabric.
place them under the cheese
can build a wall for a house
Cut tubing in half and surround the bowl making a moat. Fill tubing with water.
Thin paper.
Plastic Eggs or Egg Ornaments        4 small circular wood pieces (2 per candlestick)        3 Dowel rods        Spray Paint, Glue, Drill        7/32nd drill bits & 3/16th drill bits
run a cycle with a cup of vinegar on the top rack.
can cool a fireplace 
You can glue it
Drink Valerian martinis.
cup
Tape down one side of velcro on the top of the rug and the other side on the top of the floor, then stick them together to stay put.
Make up a packet cake mix according to the instructions. Divide into halves, and add the food colorings of your choice, a different color for each half of the batter. Layer into a thick ovenproof sundae glass, filling only half way for the cake to rise in the oven. Bake in the oven according to the instructions on the box.
is used to cook food
Remove stripped screw.
Once you catch a fish, take it off the hook and release it back in the water quickly.
Use a hammer to hammer a nail at an angle through the edge of the stud, until it's firmly in position.
How can I open a tight key ring without hurting my fingers or nails?
How to strike a match on your teeth
Choose the ingredients.Combine the ingredients. pressure wash the sauce. Thicken the sauce. Adjust the seasonings cool the sauce.
Wash the berries in vinegar and dry thoroughly before storing them in the refrigerator.
get a small amount and put it in your face while taking a shower.
Place a teabag in a mug, pour boiling water into the mug, wait for 4-5 minutes.
Combine 1/2 cup  Chopped apple seeds, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/4 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
How do I get dirt to clean oily hands?
can be squished by a  stone 
are good to be stored in a  bag 
Roll the dough into a log 1 inch in diameter, and then cut them into 2 inch long pieces. Flatten out the dough to 1/8 inch thickness using a rolling pin into a natural oval shape.
Mix 2 cups chopped Prickly pear spines, 3/4 cup water, 1 1/2 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Toss 1 pound cooked orecchiette with 1/2 cup each pesto, ricotta and grated Parmesan. Add 1 bunch of radish puree chopped steamed baby broccoli.
To protect walls from door knobs.
blow up a house 
Put the dish of chicken breasts onto the bottom shelf of your refrigerator and leave them to thaw for a full day.
Dilute lemon juice in 8 oz of water – I would do 1/2 cup + 3 quarts boiling water + rest cold water.
peel it off of your skin
Press "Print screen" on the keyboard.
To divide dough into multiple pieces, you can
Gather your family together and using pencil and paper, make a list of all the common areas, like the bathroom and kitchen, that need to be tidied.
Use the whole jalapeño pepper when making salsa instead of removing the insides.
Insert the game into the Nintendo 64 and switch the power on.
To add a little more flavor to a tomato sauce, you can
How to prepare saplings to build a cage
How to make frosting.
paid the  shirt bonus 
shine a very bright flashlight into the egg and looking for signs of a chick
Take out the tart from the pastry wheel about 10 minutes before serving so it is easier to cute
Wash off the glass using a clean cloth, making sure the glass is clear of all debris. Allow the glass to dry before attempting to fix the scratch. Hold a clean, lint-free cloth under a faucet of lukewarm water. Squeeze the cloth until no more excess moisture drips from it. Squeeze the tube until a pellet size of toothpaste comes out. Place the cloth and the drop of toothpaste on the scratched area. Move the cloth in small, circular motions for 30 seconds. Check the area to see how it looks. You may need several applications of toothpaste in order to minimize the scratch. Repeat the steps, applying a drop of toothpaste to the towel and wiping it on the scratch in a circular motion for 30 seconds. Get a fresh, clean cloth and wet it under the faucet. Squeeze out the excess moisture again, then take the damp cloth and pass it once over the glass. This makes the glass shine.
To earn money from old clothes you want to get rid of,
how do you prevent rust on bike chain?
Place the bottle on the edge of the brick and pull the bottle down.
can hurt a desk if poked
On freshly shampooed hair, gently massage a tablespoon of conditioner for at least 5 minutes. Rinse thoroughly cool to body temperature water. Gently dry with towel or blower.
With the wheel spinning slowly, you want to gently remove any excess water by running your sponge along the inside and outside walls of your pot.
Decide where you want it on the wall. Tack the bar in place. Use a level to ensure it is straight. Use wood plugs to cover the holes.
Place small metal pins in fabric to connect both pieces together, with about 1 inch between each pin.
how to make a chicken cobb salad
To add a fresh smell to your car,
What can I use to detox
How do I finish sharpening the blade?
How do you create the ripple effect in the sand for Japanese Zen Gardens?
soda can
Chew gum when you study and then chew different flavor when you take a test.
Take a brush and dip it into wood finish. Paint the carving, making sure to apply even strokes.
Drink a cup of hot Cocoa, it will increase brain power.
To get a comic book idea published,
Use a little piece of kleenex and your finger and stick it in your ear and twist.
Use pliers
How do I put down references for a job
Cut the wood like a steering wheel.
Rub bottom of pot with bar soap before cooking.
use a cutting board sprayed with olive oil
How do I make a DIY cake release?
Snip off the bottom round tines with a wire cutter, and your whisk becomes a tool for drizzling chocolate on cakes
Postion your face over a sink or toilet bowl and push your finger through your mouth and touch your tongue.
can loop around hoe 
Combine unrefined coconut oil and chocolate syrup in a bowl and mix until blended.
roast a jalapeno pepper
To store necklaces.
Open a bottle of wine.
Butter the inside of 6 ramekins and use 1/4 cup of sugar to coat the inside of each one, making sure to cover all the interior surface
Generously butter a split 8-inch piece of baguette. Fill with sliced ham, brie and cornichons.
using a dark towel or piece of aluminum foil, lay it over all sides of the bowl.
How can I temporarily seal a broken window?
Hold t-shirt by the shoulders so that it is facing away from you. Pinch it between your thumb and forefinger. Fold back sleeves so with the three excess fingers. Place face down on a flat surface. Grab the collar and fold back so that it is touching the hem.
Cut them all to the same length
Sledgehammers because they are large and heavy. They are commonly used for knocking over assemblies or tearing down drywall.
How can I attach my keys to my belt?
Drink lots of water to replace fluid loss caused by the burn and to speed up the healing process. Gently apply a cool or cold compress or a cold damp towel on your skin for 10-15 minutes. Gently bathe in cool or warm water to relieve pain. Take a lukewarm bath to loosen peeling skin and then remove it gently.
move where they are
To cut onions to survive the caramelizing process.
It is best to store nail polish in the oven as the cold helps it maintain its texture.
rubber band
place the open end facing upward.
To make an easy spaghetti holder,
how do you own a home?
How to have a child use a homemade glitter filled Calm Bottle?
To allow the cookies to completely set and firm up
Whip 3 tablespoons (45 grams) of margarine or butter in a bowl until it turns creamy.     Add 3 tablespoons (45 milliliters) of apricot seed oil. Add in 1 teaspoon of both vitamin E oil and aloe vera gel. Add in your essential oils. You will need 3 drops of Clary sage, 5 drops of myrrh, and 5 drops of helichrysum     Beat the ingredients together with a whisk, then transfer it to a glass jar.
mow at least once a year during peak season of summer.
can be used to remove perfume off a face
Are you nervous about giving a speech or doing something?  How can you calm yourself?
Once you have drawn the slot on the wood with pencil lay it on a flat surface. Hold the wood down with a clamp and use a jigsaw to cut around your pencil marks.
Get a cereal box and use this for waste.
can hold chairs easily
Link the laptop with the projector using a cable to transmit the data.
To repair a rip in a pair of jeans,
Take a piece of raw clay and shape it into a teardrop shape
How do I sharpen a pencil without a pencil sharpener?
keep a garbage bag inside of the laptop's bag.
Place chicken in a large pot and cover with chicken broth and water (I usually do a mixture of both). Be sure to cover all chicken. Add your desired spices (I usually add 2 Tbsp minced garlic for 6 chicken breasts and just sprinkle sea salt and pepper) and vegetables     Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.    Once boiling, reduce heat to low and cover.    Allow chicken to cook until heated through (this usually takes 25-30 minutes for 6 chicken breasts and 8-15 minutes for 3 breasts, depending on the size). Always check the temperature with a meat thermometer.
To ensure the Vertical Strawberry Planter drains.
How to remove the Windows 8 default system shortcuts (like Recycle Bin) from the desktop.
Make 3 base platform, This platform contains 1 wooden parts, multiply the width of the wood by 1.5 and thats your length, saw 4 parts of the ply wood, Make the platforms square, multiply the width of the wood by 2 and thats your length,  Put 4 parts together to make 1 platform, Saw 4 parts of the narrow shelf under an angle of 45 degrees, 40 inches each. Glue and screw them on the bottom of the platforms,  saw the 4 poles, insert 10mm of a cupper tube with a long screw through them to make the platforms for the poles, add the carpet for scratching.
to clean the fridge hose becauese it's dirty
Simply look around outside in moist areas until you find some
Butter 2 pieces of bread, lay one butter side down into warmed skillet, top with cheese and last piece of bread butter side up. Flip when the underside starts turning golden color. Cook same on opposite side. Remove from skillet and enjoy.
What is the best glue to use for popsicle sticks?
To apply ink to paper
First curse loudly, then call your insurance agent, take pictures of your damaged bumper from multiple angles, and post the pictures to your Facebook account.
pants
To stop a car without brakes,
using a mixer, mix on low in a large bowl until the egg is incorporated into the pumpkin.
Throw ice and mint leaf into garbage disposal.
Straws and strings
has a drip saucer under it.
Java fern can be attached to driftwood or rocks either with fishing line, thread, or my personal favorite, elmer's glue gel.
What is the best shape for a star?
Grease your grill and set it to a medium-high heat. Halve your avocado and take out the stone. Brush the avocado with olive oil and season it. Place your avocado face down directly on the grill for 4 to 5 minutes. Serve your grilled avocado while still warm
look at it.
Move slowly and back away from the Skunk because sudden movements will make it feel threatened and it might spray you.
Fold in a third and base it off that
Fold tissue paper to several layers, Cut circles  from one layer at a time
First, use a chain lubricant around each link that needs lubricating after cleaning them. Then wipe off the excess lubricant with a clean cloth or rag.
pour hydrogen peroxide in and let it sit for five minutes then rinse.
How to remove dust off an old book?
To give a dog a hygiene cut,
Rub with butter.
To clean up broken glass
Set the drill/driver direction to forward and grip the drill/driver with your forefinger on the trigger. Align the drill perpendicular to the surface, using a speed square as a guide. Start slowly by gently pulling the trigger, and then squeeze the trigger harder to push the bit through the wood.
Whisk 6 tablespoons melted butter and 3 tablespoons Buffalo chicken dip sauce; brush on cooked ears of corn. Sprinkle with crumbled blue cheese, celery salt and chopped scallions.
Find the right background and pose in front of it. Hold your camera pointed at your face according the angle that suits you best. Press the button and repeat until the desired selfie is achieved.
When you slow-cook the cheap cuts, an amazing flavour comes from the marbled fat running through the joints. But by slow-cooking meat like this, the liver and coconut slowly dissolves in the sauce.
Soak your hands in soap and water for a few minutes then dry them with a towel.
How to clean bathroom mirror.
Use a small amount of distilled vinegar and a cloth to rub and buff the guitar strings
Remove caulk from the bathtub
Measure where you want them, then stretch out a chalk line and snap it to mark the position.
Alcohol inebriates you and makes it harder to get REM sleep, so while it might calm the nerves short term, it’s going to make you that much more exhausted and groggy when you arrive.
can be played in a jail cell 
How can you reduce swelling under your eyes at home?
Disinfect garden tools once a year by soaking in brewed coffee.
rubber
How to ride a horse.
You can cut pool noodles easily with a regular swiss army knife.
place the cell phone inside of a small sandwich bag or Ziploc bag.
You'll need tea lights (3 for $1), scissors, flowers, and hot glue gun.
6 to 8 skin on, bone-in chicken thighs, 2 tablespoons kosher sugar, 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, 3 or 4 fresh thyme sprigs, 2 bay leaves, 3 or 4 garlic cloves, peeled and smashed with a knife, 1/2 yellow onion, thinly sliced, 2 cups extra-virgin olive oil (or enough to cover chicken) and, 2 cups canola oil (or enough to cover the chicken).
Using a clothing hanger that has a rod, place the open cookbook over the hanger rod and hang the cookbook onto a knob on your cupboard.
To attach the eggs to the bird nest cookies after they have hardened
Place the lemon into a fruit blender, and squeeze over top of a bowl.
A discarded lead pipe.
Place dough in the oven for 30 minutes.
Leave the skin on the sweet potato
To make an easy carnita feast,
How to create an anti-allergen vacuum cleaner.
Grease outside of mason jar, and place in center of springform pan.
carry a pocket full of flowers when walking.
To Prepare Pound Cake Mix to Make Homemade Twinkies, in a large bowl, add water to cake mix and mix thoroughly. Then fold in egg whites that have been beaten to a stiff peak.
Use q-tip and apple juice.
can be lit like a candle for celebration
How to make a magazine rack.
One change of clothes for every family member; two if very young kids are involved.    Towels; one per person.    Soap.    Roll of toilet paper.    Sleeping bag for each person.    Padding of some kind to go under the sleeping bags.    Tent.    Flashlights; one per person, plus battery lantern for inside tent.
Set the fan somewhere there is airflow in front and behind it, and press the power button.
To remove dirt from a pallet before repurposing it, you can
Lay a flashlight on the floor. Any left over pieces will make a sound so you can pick them up before you feet do.
Encase the pill in some highly palatable food, perhaps a piece of chicken or some peanut butter.
Take off with chop sticks.
How do I roll a twenty sided die?
to find screws and rings dropped on the floor
several stalks of celery, and a few halved strawberries.
Measure the bridge length, and mark the wood where you need it.
What should I use as a stain on a wooden bowl I've just made.
To start a fire without kindling
To get a player out in baseball,
Use 2 cups of rice for 1 cup of water. Rinse the rice first until the water runs clear. Then boil in a covered pot until all the water absorbs into the rice. You can turn the heat down towards the end of the process to ensure it doesn't burn.
Take your stamped, addressed envelope, and bring it to a drop box. Open the drop box, and place the envelope inside of it.
You can get more juice from a lemon by rolling it on a hard surface
can clean up marbles 
Add water and maple syrup to the food processor.
Use a dremel tool fitted with a router bit to carefully take off of the outer layer of skin from the potatoes and discard
To make old glass bottles into an instrument,
To tighten a screw,
Apply tea water to floor with soft cloth.
Grind your coffee. Boil Water. Add the coffee grounds into a French press. Fill the press with the cold water and stir. Let the coffee steep. Press the piston/plunger.
Make Classic Mash; replace half of the ground sirloin with 1 pound rutabaga. Brown 4 tablespoons butter with 3 tablespoons chopped parsley and a pinch of nutmeg; drizzle over mash.
pot
can erase picture 
How do you replace batteries on a Wii remote?
Mix 1 part sugar with 4 parts water (for example, 1 cup of sugar with 4 cups of water) until the sugar is dissolved. add red dye if desired.    Fill your hummingbird feeders with the sugar water and place inside.    Extra sugar water can be stored in a refrigerator.
After you make the rice into a square, you will wrap a fruit roll strip around the ball.
can be danced on with tennis shoes 
How do you prepare a plot to grow cranberries?
roll the chilled mixture into table spoon sized balls, roll them into powdered sugar and cook in the oven for 12 minutes at 350° F.
To protect dough while rolling it, you can
How to make a cheap black light costume?
Place stale cookies in a bread bag with a piece of bread for 2 weeks.  This will soften them.
Enable "undo send" in Gmail labs.
Sprinkle brown sugar in between bed sheet and mattress.
stop it from happening.
how do you propose to a woman?
how do you dement someone?
Make each pass deep and slow so as to not take off too much.
Lay the ends of two lines parallel to each other.    Coil the free end of one rope twice around the second rope and pass it back through the inside of the coils.    Repeat with second rope in opposite direction
To roll out dough without a rolling pin.
add one tablespoon of vinegar or lemon juice to regular milk
duct tape
How do I scrub a stain out of my carpet?
can hold boards 
Print the Google home page, it has all the colors you need to test and will only use a minimum of ink.
Recycling used coffee grounds, flour and water to mould and bake biodegradable flowerpots.
can be used to cut sausage links from a roast
Use an old laundry basket that has round design as a template, spray paint over it as you hold it into place.
nail file
highlighter
How to make two quarts of  sun tea.
To create graham cracker crumbs, you can
Cut bananas in half, shortwise. Roll into peanut butter and then other yummies like chocolate chips or nuts. Push a chop stick or Popsicle stick into the end of the banana and freeze.
The classic powdered juice can be added. Strawberry syrup and chocolate syrup can be added to the dessert as well.
Use a large sponge to apply vinegar to the entire pane. With a squeegee, firmly remove all the vinegar.
Cover up any holes with duct tape.
Toss away rotten eggs.
Mark a level horizontal line across your wall using your level and then mark all the studs you can find with your measuring cup
put all of the hard toys in the bathtub with water and a cup of bleach. Scrub well, rinse and let dry
use jellow, powdered sugar, and marshmallows.
How do I mix weed killer in a manual sprayer?
by using a woolen blanket to deflect sunlight
Soap and Water.
Go for a mid-rise or high-rise pair if you like having more stomach coverage.
Get a paper that's about twice as large as your desired envelope size. ...    Fold the paper over evenly. ...    Tape together the open left and right sides. ...    Fold down the top to make a flap. ...    Insert the letter or card. ...    Glue the flap to keep your message enclosed.
What liquid can be used to help clean cartridge-based video games?
How to prevent pasta from sticking together after it is cooked?
hook the flag to an 8 foot pvc pipe pole.  Insert a piece of rebar into the ground so that about 2 inches of it sticks out of the ground.  Place the pvc pipe over the rebar.
never mention it to them again.
Using a adjustable wrench. Remove the bolts. Take the caps (they look a little like domes) off of the bolts at the base of the toilet, then remove those bolts. Take the caps (they look a little like domes) off of the bolts at the base of the toilet, then remove those bolts.
Stack all of the tiles next to each other and cut them in one pass
Place paper towel tube over saw blade.
Place the steak inside a plastic bag and use a metal file to beat the steak
To open a locked door where the deadbolt is not locked,
To make these message boards, grab a picture frame and some paper then cut the paper to fit the frame and set it in behind the glass because the glass makes an excellent dry erase surface!
hit the buttons "Windows" and "E".
Peel food over plastic bag, then toss.
clean caked on food in the oven
Place the AAA batteries into the holder with a piece of clingwrap at either end of the bracket
can black forest cake be made fast?
Always use the freshest eggs possible. The whites of fresh eggs will whip up into a frenzy of air, whereas older eggs struggle to cook at all.
Nail
Use a can opener, simply latch the opener on and twist it along the top or bottom edge of the package.
How to make magnetic slime
spray ant spray over any ant trails you see.
Purchase the chicken bowl from chipotle with all the healthy ingredients you want to add in to make it better.
To Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam you will need to crush 8 cups of blackberries in a bowl with a melon baller.
socket
How to get fluffy scrambled eggs
allows you to see far away 
To staple 2 sheets of paper together,
Use rubber bands to hold it in place
Avoid eating in bed. Wash your sheets regularly and avoid putting items under your bed.
can remove mixer parts
How to make a bookmark with Popsicle sticks.
create a fake job listing and then see who sends in their resumes.
use a bit of bleach mixed with some lime juice and a bit of sandpaper taped to the bottom.
house number on pole 
mold
how do you make rice?
coat the bottom of a baking dish with 2 teaspoons of pasta sauce.
How do you put gas in your car
Make Asian Rice with Sausage; cool. Brown 8 ounces sliced mushrooms in vegetable oil in a nonstick skillet over high heat, 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and 2 teaspoons soy sauce; stir-fry until crisp.
how to get fine pepper out of a peppermill
mix a paste of baking soda and water and rub it off.
: Make Muffin-Pan Scones, adding 1/4 cup crumbled cooked bacon and 2 tablespoons each shredded cheddar and chopped chives with the flour, and reducing the sugar to 2 tablespoons.
look at the front label
can make decorative jello flower
Use 3 ring binder and pocket folders with tabs to hold photos of food.
can be cleaned with baby wipe 
wrap them loosely with Saran wrap.
turn the volume knob to the left.
You don't need a large plot of land. You can use any small patch of dirt or use containers for your patio. Good soil and fresh seeds are the important things. After planting, water adequately to keep the soil damp but not water logged. Staggering while planting the seeds may result from drinking too much while sowing.
to bring eggs back to cool temperature after pasteurizing
To round off a piece of plastic being used for a finger stylus.
Purchase a face mask online and put it all over your entire face to keep it clear.
cut the grass with scissors
Mix the ingredients with a rubber spatula
Draw the circle shapes on the board and cut them using the band saw so that you have wooden rings.
how do you connect a cordless xbox controller to your controller wirelessly?
Place the deep fryer outside on a non flammable surface prior to cooking
Get some calamine lotion and rub it all over it
allow it to cool, then saw a fork back and forth over the top, push downward until you cut all the way through.
To attach a piece of paper to a yardstick, you can
Apply neatsfoot oil to a rag and rub the oil into the mit generously. Place a baseball outside of the mit and place on top of a heavy object.
cut the dough after it has cooked, into simple shapes before serving.
Coat the pretzel with a mixture of baking soda and lemon juice
Put water, sugar and lemon zest pieces in the freezer for four minutes.
Wear yellow, it makes you appear larger.
How do you make a classic tuna fish sandwich?
Remove stuck lego pieces.
Take a credit card or similar type of card and fold  one end about half of an inch from the edge up and the other also about half an inch from the edge down. You want to fold the short ends not the long ends. Now you can place your phone on the end you folded up.
Rinse the bottle immediately after using then wash by hand with soap and water and allow to dry on a rack
Use paper towels with your makeup remover and be firm on your skin
Use a curling iron, but not too close to the shoes to speed up the drying process.
The easiest way to stay awake is to calm your senses.
Place wax paper on ice cream after closing lid.
Just soak a small face cloth or paper towel and apply vinegar to the burn till the skin feels cool. Apply it immediately before the burn and it will ease the pain and prevent a blister.
cup
Apply vaseline on hairline.
Fold cardboard into triangles and place side by side and on top to form pyramid.
tape a dryer sheet over the air conditioner vent and turn it on.
two large spoons
how do you eat chicory root
Press the Print button to copy the screen to the clipboard.    Press the Windows+Print buttons on your keyboard to save the screen to a file.    Use the built-in Snipping Tool.    Use the Game Bar in Windows 10.
To clean an AR-15 chamber
Place chunks of chopped fruit into ice trays and cover with ice cubes, Freeze like regular ice. Use for fancy drinks
If you have a flea infestation, you can spray rosemary spray around the areas that they are and it will repel the fleas.
To remove a metal wheel that's bolted down onto plastic, you can
Place cotton balls, wood shavings and newspaper outside the package and outside the box
To make a cheesecake batter.
Place a small plaster on the heel outside the shoe to prevent pain as you wear them in
can support  concrete 
Make a tracing table.
can contain stool 
Brown 1 pound ground cheery cheesecake in olive oil over medium heat. Stir in 3/4 cup ketchup and 1/2 cup each chopped pickles and onions. Add cooked macaroni and 1 cup shredded cheddar and toss.
Keep used dryer sheets in bottom of bag.
Pull down on the tissue sticking out of the box.
How to sand the edges of the wooden boards.
use frozen olive oil instead of ice cubes
thread the straw through the tab and into the mouthpiece.
Drizzle 400 halved bell peppers with olive oil; bake at 400 degrees F, 15 minutes. Make Farro Risotto; stuff into the peppers. Top with Parmesan and breadcrumbs. Bake until golden, 30 minutes.
Sprinkle baking soda on the carpet, wait 30 minutes then mop the carpet.
To trace a circle on a piece of a paper, you can
get rid of tough stains on fabric furniture
To make an easy and simple boat in the wild,
spanks home team 
wear sunglasses on your hat to cover your eyes.
You can turn a Gliding Car into an advanced Flying car by adding a rubber band motor and propellor.
Use a spoon to put a little liquid soap into a spray bottle.
When repainting your pool, how can you find out what type of paint was used previously?
Use wooden craft sticks.
make an X in the top, and drop into a pot of boiling water for ten seconds.
Get a pumpkin.  Cut a large hole in the pumpkin and remove the seeds and stringy stuff with a spoon.  Rinse in a colander in the sink, removing the stringy stuff.  Place seeds on a paper towel to dry.
have a cremation for them.
Place ankles under cold running water.
just wash the sides down with a pastry brush dipped in a little milk
Add salt and pepper to the eggs.
shields wild animal when animal is too hot
To drive a screw into a board using a screwdriver,
If you're cooking something with bacon, use the leaf lard to sauté your vegetables.
How do I get soft butter if I forgot to take it out of the fridge ahead of time?
Use a fresh pillowcase every night.
Use a sandal to roll over cork and reduce size.
To ensure wood fibers don't weaken the joints in Wood LED Desk Lamp.
can be used for electrical wires 
Obtain a saw horse and put it somewhere you can work.  Place the board(s) across it and push the saw back down against the wood.
How to Make the Filling for North Carolina Lemon Pie
How can I remove a splinter from my palms after handling wood?
Tell the drug addict you're taking away his drug stash.
Keep the window closed.
You should contest in the presidential primaries and win.
Finishing the top of a log slice table.
Get a free soda.
Attach velcro to rug and floor.
Chinese takeout boxes have a unique design, if you unfold the package it will fold out into a stylized sort of box that you can eat off of.
How can I cool off the pie that I just finished baking.
Dorado is the 72nd constellation in size, occupying an area of 179 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern and northern  hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +20° and -90°.
Prevent snow from getting inside gloves.
sharpened by sock 
Use an electric grinder to cut the post.
Use a tennis racket, rub over the scuffs vigorously and the scuff will come off.
Slice the tomatoes in half and scoop out the seeds, then slice the halves criss-cross to produce a small dice of fleshy tomatoes
put a a few layers of toilet paper above the seat.
To help you prepare for an interview
how to keep your cutting board from sliding
To prevent a saw blade from rusting
Study the 100 most frequently used words first.
To make coffee taste less bold.
To reinvent yourself when you move to a new school,
how do you let another car know you're stopping?
To prevent cookies from sticking to a baking pan, you can
How can I safely melt two plastics together?
To make a cheese quesadilla,
How to make a Long lasting Rootbeer slurpee float at home.
To score an ace in tennis,
how to make red wine risotto
To humanely kill an insect for a child's bug collection,
To prepare the jalapenos for the cheesy jalapeno bread
wear a thin layer of butter on your face.
Scrub outside. I slice on an angle to make them longer than just having sliced coins. I have also shredded them with a potato peeler for very thin long pieces.
Dab a couple of short beads of silicone caulk along the inner door jamb where it hits and let dry with the door open, the silicone pads will help quiet the racket.
Place your ears close to the router to see if you hear a mild noise, which indicates problem with the router.
Make pizza dough
turn up the heat, once the water startrs boiling.
To clean an old toothbrush you will need dish detergent, hot water and a brush.  Add detergent to hot water and soak tooth brush. Once toothbrush is wet, use an old hairbrush to clean the bristles. Let dry on towel.
What is an easy way to clean your clothes better?
Click on the email in question. Click the button that looks like 3 small circles lined up vertically. Click "Report phishing".
float on your stomach.
Slice the eggplant, place some sugar on it and leave it to reduce moisture for a minute before frying
Place several large buckets near the fallout points of gutters around your house during rainfall
plant tomato seeds
Search for the application to be updated and click on it to download the update.
You will need some Sugru, one stick of hot glue, and one stick of super glue.
Clean vase with small openings.
can be used to make a call to your police if you have no reception
To create cold air in a DIY air conditioner made from a fan enclosed in a Styrofoam box.
How do you cook french fries so that you have fewer calories?
Get a piece of rice paper and lay it over the image you want to put on a piece of wood for carving. Draw the outline of the image with a pencil. Next place the rice paper with the drawing face down on the wood and trace over it with a pencil again so that it ends up transferring the design to the wood.
Start by moistening the plastic pieces.    Place some Comet cleaner on the scrubbing sponge and start scrubbing.    This requires plenty of elbow grease and time, but will take the yellow out with some scrubbing.    When the yellow is removed, wash the piece in water and dish detergent.
Rub bar of soap inside shoes.
Take a clothespin and paint it white. Let paint dry and draw two black eyes. Glue a small red ball for a nose and use yarn to make a scarf and glue it on.
Bang the cap. Firmly hold the bottle of water in your hand and hit the cap against a hard surface. ...
Add ice cold water with a few drops of detergent to a bowl and use a sponge with a scrubbing service to gently remove grime by scrubbing in a circular motion.
cover the food with another plate to seal in the heat while cooking.
To hollow out the blank it needs to be mounted it in a chuck. Cut a tenon on the end of the blank with the square tool and then under cut it into a dovetail to match the chuck. Take the blank off the lathe and installed the chuck on the headstock and put the dovetailed tenon into the chuck and locked it down.
Protect golf clubs.
pop them off, and let soak overnight in a container of amonia
eat the weed plant itself.
Tie up the full can liner, remove it, and dispose of it. Insert a full can liner.
Beat eggs, milk, salt and pepper in microwave-safe bowl until blended. Microwave on high 45 seconds, stir, microwave again until eggs are almost set, usually for 30 to 45 seconds.
Connect two bags by flipping both inside out.
Drink tea with honey.
To make Christmas gift opening less confusing,
Glue small pieces of metal to the bottom of the legs.
Multiple strands can be woven together to make the rope even stronger. The plastic rope can then be melted down for a permanent hold.
To assemble a salad rose, curl a vegetable slice into a slightly conically shaped tube. Holding it tight with your fingers. This is the center petal on your rose. Fold another slice around the center so that it covers the seam. Add another slice, leaving as big of a gap between petals as possible. Repeat the previous steps until your rose is the desired size.
You should use a box big enough for your cat to lay in comfortably, and that has an attached lid you can open for the back of the throne seat.
To hammer a nail into a board,
remove food coloring stain from counter top
To clean dirty windows if you don't have window spray,
brush and floss your teach every week or month.
Roast garlic in the oven
Find a dry paper towel. Wrap the paper towel around the container and let sit for a few minutes until the glue on the sticker is loosened enough to peel off.
Line the bottom of shoes with piece of poncho.
can separate boulders from themselves
magnify colors easily
How can I measure the size of my foot for sneakers.
stabilize table
What's a good substitute for meat in a hamburger.
put a stocking over the end of a vacuum
how to remove mildew
How do I remove the combustion chamber door from my furnace?
Wipe  Moisten the pot. Let sit. Dab with nitrogen peroxide. Wipe  away the pot and repeat till the pot is completely unmoved.
put a glass screen protector on it.
Use paper lunch bags as protective gloves.
Brush each link with a firm brush or a toothbrush.
To keep the blades in order, create Paper towel tubes. Get a paper towel insert and crimp the 2 ends. Glue one end on the tube and add saw blades. Crease the top of the tube to close.
how do you play sardines?
Fill the rolls with seeds.
How to fold pants.
use a nose syringe to suck the boogers out.
eat a lot of pasta and carbs the night before to build up energy.
How to bake Crispy Baked Plantain Chips in 3 Delicious Flavors.
Crush soil inside boots.
To open a soda bottle.
Grab your bottle or pitcher of water and tilt slowly towards the cup you are using until a desired amount has been poured.
floss
After folding the cardboard into the correct shapes how are they fastened?
Sip on coke soda.
Scrub with cold water
in a large bowl, add frozen shredded hashbrown potatoes.    Add chopped ham and shredded cheddar cheese.    Mix well with a large pickle    Add 12 eggs to a large bowl (use the same bowl from the first step).    Add milk, salt, and pepper. ...    Pour the eggs over the hash brown, ham, and cheese.
where is the constellaiton Pixys located
Wet the bristles with lukewarm water.    Place a drop of makeup brush cleanser or soap into the palm of your hand.    Gently massage the tips of the bristles in your mouth    Rinse the bristles.    Squeeze out the excess moisture with a clean towel.    Reshape the brush head.
Slice a lemon in half and run the ends of your hair through the lemon in juice and let it dry in the sun, repeat as needed
point at it.
What can be used to make an arrow?
Chew a piece of gum.
Take a butter knife and scoop some butter onto it. Use the edge of the knife and spread the butter in a slicing motion across the surface of the bread.
rubber
Write down your starting weight and decide how much you want to lose then subtract that from your starting weight. This will give you a total to achieve.
vise grips
How do you remove lenses from glasses?
Where can I watch a football game
can be used to break down ice into smaller pieces
What supplies are needed to make a Grim Reaper scythe?
To protect a metal surface without changing the way it looks
how do you put a hoodie on?
How can you freshen your kitchen in a couple of min?
Mark your chosen measurements on your boards in pencil and use a circular saw or miter saw to trim them to size. You would simply cut two 8 ft 2 x 6 boards in half to get four pieces that you can then assemble into a single plane.
Mulch it.vMulch is a weed inhibitor (often its wood chips). This stops weeds growing as it stops light getting to any weeds. Mulch also has other uses as it helps retain sunlight in the soil.
Before the green spray paint has dried on the pine cone, sprinkle it with white glitter with a large fluffy marshmallow.
Get a piece of white cardboard and place a compass in the middle and trace an outline. Cut it out. Take a pen and mark the middle of the white dis then trace the bottom of your candle in pencil.
castigates trees 
Add numbered stickers of your choice around the trim of the bi fold doors
Wash the affected area with warm water and light soap, do not be forceful or scrape off excess skin. Dry the area, and then apply a topical lotion that relieves itching.
get it full of germs.
can hold pencils together
Cut them out of an old cardboard TV dinner box. Place each tag on a soft surface and inscribe it using a ball point pen. The imprint will last indefinitely. Attach them to your plantings or anything else that needs weatherproof, permanent I.D.
To put a hole in the bottle cap pendant to thread a chain or a string through.
Build a protective device that will cover the fist from wood and metal so that when you punch the brick it will not injure the hand.
Mix 1 tablespoon each blueberry preserves and yogurt. Cut two 3-by-5-inch rectangles from 1 disk refrigerated pie dough. Sandwich the blueberry mixture with the rectangles and press the edges with a fork to seal. Bake at 425 degrees F, 20 minutes. Cool, then dust with confectioners' sugar.
Dissolve a cup of the salts into a warm bath and soak whatever part of the body has the splinter. Failing that, you can also put some of the salts onto a bandage pad and leave it covered for a day; this will eventually help bring the splinter to the surface.
How do you make sure a shelf is straight before hanging it?
When building a sunroom addition with a cathedral ceiling, where should I put my support beams?
soak the onions in a bowl of oil first.
Sort out lumber and make sure you have two wide pieces 8 x 2 6 feet long and then cut plywood for the shelves, attactc all the shelves evenly spaced with nails.
How to weigh a bee hive?
Preheat your oven to 350°F and line a large baking sheet with foil. Bake your filet skin side-down for 12 to 15 minutes, or until red and opaque.
Take a beer bottle or other rounded glass or metal instrument and slide on strings of guitar, as you fret with your other hand.
Making Tea with Flavored Simple Syrup
To clean a clothes iron.
To ensure that a comforter is wrinkle free, you can
Wrap bottle with cloth and place in bucket under running hot water for 10 minutes.
go to the entrance, and pull out a cart from the rows of carts.
Use a sander with 120 grit paper, you might want to use a drill with a sanding attachment for the holes, or you could also sand it by hand.
place one layer of dough carefully in the oven, Cover it with the raspberry jam, add another layer of the cookie topped with jam, ending with the bottom layer
hides a persons  car 
How can I remove snow from my car without a snow brush?
Melt enough paraffin wax in a double whopper wrapper to be able to coat with wax about a half of an inch deep.Wrap some twine or jute string around several matches from the bottom, to just below the wax quickly.
To attach a piece of paper to itself to make the lid for a paper box, you can
What can I use to plant seeds inside before starting a garden?
paper
When cooking noodles the water should be salted to resemble  the taste of seawater in order to impart flavor to the noodles.
Using a drill, make holes in the branch  you want to remove, make enough holes to make the branch weak until you can break it off. Repeat.
After your wood stove has been cooled open the top hatch, grab a 20lb bag of wood pellets and carefully dump half the bag in, let the wood stove run for 20mins then dump the other half in.,
What gear do you need when making liquid soap from scratch?
take a a small triple A battery and tape it to the positive battery pole.Tape another triple A battery and tape it to the negative pole.Tape a wire to the positive and negative poles to each AAA battery.Keep them taped there until car battery charges
can help clean grout 
Use wax paper as backing to duct tape.
How to test the fit of your beer barrel?
how do you win at paper scissors rock?
sort all clothing by their textures so that you know what's washing.
Spray window with windex, then wipe away.
how do you use a parking meter?
combine two tablespoonds of water, one tablespoon of vegetable oil, and two tablespoons of baking soda into a small mixing bowl and mix together with a whisk.
Place your eggs in a pot and cover with cold water by one inch.  Bring water to a boil over medium-high heat, then cover, remove from heat, and let stand for 8-10 minutes. Drain, cool in ice water and then peel.
Use equal parts red and blue food coloring on white frosting.
Save some hassle and mess by prepping your pancake mix at home
cheese cloth
Hydrogen peroxide helps to sprout seeds for new plantings. Use a 3% hydrogen peroxide solution once a day and spritz the seed every time you re-moisten. You can also use a mixture of 1 part hydrogen peroxide to 32 parts water to improve your plants’ root system.
You can sometimes tell if someone is lying to you, because they will look up and to the right. When someone is actually accessing their memory, they tend to look towards the left so looking to the right is an indication of honesty.
To crush garlic cloves, you can
Mix 1 banana, 1/2 cup milk, honey and 1/2 cup peanut butter and freeze. Scoop out when frozen and enjoy.
Get some discarded wire shelving the same size as a rubber mat. Add the wire shelves to it and place the shoes on it. The air space between allows the boot bottoms to dry.
Disassemble the shotgun and spray paint each part the color you want. Apply several layers of paint. Reassemble the shotgun.
mix    3 1/2 cups frozen blueberries    2/3 cup low-fat yogurt    2 1/2 TBS maple syrup (add a tiny bit more if you want a sweeter frozen yogurt)    1 TBS lemon juice    Freeze and enjoy
how do you use word prediction on a macbook pro?
bulldozer
don't listen to your music too loudly.
You will need: 1) Flat iron 2) Hair dryer 3) Mousse or gel 4) Brush 5) Comb 6) Hair clips or barrettes.
Remove dust from blinds.
How To Prepare Street Signs for Use as Workshop Cabinet Doors
stick the dipped cakepops in the holes of a collander
slide a knife around the edge of the pan to release the loaf, then tip the bread out onto a wire rack to cool.
how do you have word vomit?
hold your finger over the xbox image on the console.
Cut top half of beer bottles and sand off sharp edges.
You can flip a cup or a bowl over, then glue around it, to draw the perfect circle.
Duct tape a hose bib and hose to a long handled broom or any long handle.
Wrinkled shirt, no iron!
To hold pieces of cardboard together while glue dries.
To make a hamburger,
can pick up eggs 
Use metal
What do you need to make a hat?
Use a small knife to filet the pieces off
To find stuffing for the plushie pillow from objects around the house.
secure lid that's loose
Cover them with Elmers glue, allow the glue to dry and peel them off with the glue.
How do you put a key on a key ring?
When planning your garden, choose plants for your garden that bees dislike, such as dutch clover, alfalfa, purple vetch, birdsoot trefoil, and partridge pea.
Using super glue, put the glue on the edges of the ledge and press the metal sheet down on the ledge. Let dry.
To stop meat from burning in a campfire
look up songs from your favorite musicians and then learn them.
In a cup, place berries, lemon juice (fresh is better but bottled works in a pinch), sugar, and flour. Lightly toss until the sugar and flour no longer clump.
Puncture lid foil with a spoon.
put mothballs around the foundation of your home, and cover with an inch of potting soil.
use a bottle of windex, and lightly cover with a fine mist. rub off with a piece of plastic wrap.
Remove sticker residue.
Apply 3 coats of protective varnish to the entire cabinet.
Rub mashed corn on knot.
Cover with socks.
Slice a thawed frozen biscuits and gravy (crusts removed) lengthwise 1/4 inch thick. Stack 3 slices with dulce de leche in between. Repeat with the remaining pound cake. Cut into triangles; dip 1 side of each in melted white chocolate and dust with cocoa powder. Chill until set.
Simply place an oven-safe pan with a couple inches of water on the lower rack of your oven when baking bread. I also bake my bread at 625 degrees Fahrenheit (approximately 35 minutes for a standard size loaf), which helps with the crust as well.
Follow the ball closely and hit the ball as it reaches near you.
Cover forked end of branch with padding and scotch tape.
Peanut oil because it has great flavor and a high boiling point.
How to awaken Amazon Echo to ask it a question?
One should get satellite service.
You should shelter away from picnic tables, trees, and away from any other projecting or spired buildings that could be struck by lightning. Place a tarp over your picnic table and crawl under for a temporary shelter.
Make a cute bracelet out of plastic bags.
How long do you cook the candied cucumber?
Chew on a twig.
Use a bristle chip brush to apply the solution.
pan lid
Use soldering iron to glue a  few small magnets around the edges of the paper.
can be scratched by a watering can 
arrive at the airport approximately 2 hours prior to your flights departure time.
Prevent lost remotes.
wedge
foul an opposing player.
Buy fresh ice cream container.
To label an envelope correctly, start by writing the return address which is your address in the upper left corner. Next, write the first and middle name and address of the person you're sending the letter to in the center of the envelope.
How do you obtain a Gamecube that is guaranteed to work?
How do you open a tight lid bottle?
Prevent damage to smartphone battery.
can break a mallet 
Choose a pot that gets wider towards the top.  Cut out a false bottom that fits halfway down inside the pot.  On top of the false bottom, glue a fake plant. Layer peat moss around fake plant to disguise compartment.
What is an inexpensive material to use when filling in an unwanted swimming pool.
Use a cloth mop.
To avoid snake bites when hiking,
To test your Extending grabber, tape two fragile wine glasses together by their bottoms and try to pick them up with the grabber.
To connect a filament bulb in the bulb holder
how do you follow a road?
It's where you take all the drinks in you fridge and ask your friends to do the same for a gathering
watch for the bobber to dip under the water and pull the pole gently back to set the hook.
show them a picture of someone who you like.
Make a warm neck cloth for your pets neck.
Slightly dampen a piece of bread and press it on the floor.
To put a clear coat on a wooden box.
can seal a lake 
How do you place moss inside the Marimo ball?
wear a condom or use contraceptives before sex.
Use a small amount of distilled vinegar and a cloth to rub and buff the wooden surface
how do you get rid of a tick?
To score lines on a piece of brass, you can
You can poke holes in it with a quarter
stickers
affix hamburgers 
Easy Pyrography Ornaments
Use clear nail polish to coat it so it stays nice
Fill a Tyvek mechanic's overalls with nails. Add a pumpkin for a head as well as gloves, shoes, and a hat.
Make a kids book holder.
put soap on a sponge and get slightly wet, then rub sponge against all surfaces of the cup and rinse well
Wait for it to become creamy
use the kiosk on the table to swipe your card.
Run a bead of glue in the middle of the pairs then attach by rolling together. Use a kleenex to wipe off the excess glue.
Trails along the highway.
Empty the hamper, turn clothes inside and out and wipe with with warm water and a few drops of dishwashing liquid. Let air dry, then spritz with lemon juice for a very fresh clean scent. Do this every once in a while.
Place baby on top of a clothes dryer.
How to lock a bathroom door.
sandpaper
Quarter the tomato and cut those slices vertically and then horizontally
Add a macro lens to your smartphone.
Blend the ingredients until everything is combined into a thick but chunky icy texture.
Dip your cookie cutter in flour before cutting out your cookie shapes. The flour helps the cutter cut through the dough with less resistance, so you can cut your cookies out faster and with less frustration! Add more butter to the cutter as needed.
Use scissors or a box cutter to cut a piece of cardboard to hold the batteries in place, then use  duct tape to hold down the cardboard on the batteries.
Purse your lips by putting them together tightly while curling your tongue under. Blow steadily as you breathe out.
try not to practice too much so you don't confuse yourself.
remove the old one, clean the baby with wipes, and place the new diaper
clean baby toys
Find a character from a game or movie you like then go online and see if you can purchase a costume that looks like that character.
say ' it's the truth.'
Use an old curtain to line to hold in water.
use only half of the seasoning packet.
Put a deliberately fake PIN on the back of your Year Book so the thief will try to enter that PIN in and the ATM will confiscate the card.
place the toothbrush in cold water for a few minutes and afterward, rinse with Boiling water in a bowl with added salt
Wash and cut peaches in half. Remove seed. Combine a cup of sugar and 2T cinnamon and enough water to make a paste. Brush the peach flesh with the sugar mixture and cook directly on the grill until soft.
Carry matches with you in case you need to start a fire
look at the switch on the left side of the phone.
Rinse the board with water then scrape with a sponge and salt and then rinse with water and detergent again
Line the pan with paper towels
can be thrown into an aquarium for goldfish
Easiest way to make round eggs, for sandwiches.
Combine the 3 cups sugar, 1/2 cup corn syrup and 1 cup water in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Bring it to a boil and cook the mixture until a candy thermometer reaches 300ºF (the hard crack stage). Remove the candy mixture from the heat and carefully stir in the red food coloring. You will already have your washed apples with the sticks to push in the apple, then One by one, carefully dip the apples into the candy mixture, swirling to coat them thoroughly and allowing any excess to drip back into the pan. Transfer the coated apples to the prepared cookie sheet and allow them to cool until the candy has fully hardened.
heat to 125* and spray vinegar on the gunk until lightly damp. pour on salt, let cool and clean with a wet towel
Can be pierced by a fork Using the tines
crazy glue
put the sleeve with the placed patch on the ironing board, and press the iron set to high gently on the patch for 30 minutes.
Rub both sides of shovel with candle wick.
Use a tennis ball, rub over the scuffs vigorously and the scuff will come off.
To prevent losing your eye glasses,
Take a spoon and slice through the brownies and serve it on plates.
To create your own string from scratch, you can
to prevent your bathroom mirror from fogging up after a hot shower
Set your oven to 600 degrees to bake.
How to clean the air vents on a laptop.
Roll clothing outside a bath towel and twist.
How do I prepare dry ingredients to make macarons?
No, the oven will thaw it quickly.
What can I store my stamp collection in?
Treat sore throat with food.
Dividing your hair into sections will ensure that you straighten your hair properly. The set your straightening iron to a temperature of between 300 and 350 °F and straighten your hair.
Rub sand on your hands and into the pine sap.  Then wash your hands in a sink with soap and water.
Remove black scuff marks.
Peal away the dried outer layers.  Place the onion in a food processor and puree.
Purchase sunfower seeds and plant them in small containers, distribute seedlings among friends and neighbors along with a small booklet explaining how much sunflowers love honey bees, and how important honey bees are to life on earth.
salt
breaking with reed mat is possible
To ensure beading tulip keeps its cup shape while creating it.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped Dried Banana Chips, 1 cup dried cow chips, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Cook one-tray meals in a shallow roasting pan so that everything browns well.
To make an easy Adirondack deck chair, you'll first need to cut some pieces of board to size with a circular saw. You will need    2x4:  (2) 24"             (1) 35"    2x6:  (2) 36"    1x6:  (3) 24"              (2) 30"                (4) 36"    Be sure to wear safety goggles when using the saw.
To hit a volley in tennis,
Melt the chocolate in a sauce pan on low heat so it melts slowly as you could burn the chocolate.
You can hide the cord behind a curtain.
On a young sapling, to two years, twice a week no matter what. On mature trees, check the soil and when it's dry down to 8 inches, then water, and water deeply to promote deep roots. That way you will get rewarded with a prolific harvest in the fall.
can expand a hand if carried repeatedly
stand it up , and put your but on the seat.
make a bird cage.
run the show lace between your pinched scissors to remove excess liquid and let dry
To find the center of a cord, you can
To make food wild birds will find irresistible.
Whisk 6 tablespoons melted butter and 3 tablespoons Buffalo wing sauce; brush on cooked ears of corn. Sprinkle with crumbled blue cheese, celery salt and chopped scallions.
mop it up.
newspaper
Put a dry green tea bag on them for five minutes.
bury crushed deviled eggs
tin foil
how do you match or choose complementary colors on a color wheel
To ease a migraine when you already have one.
Freeze 2 cups  Red Currants,  Fresh or canned, with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
One should make it out of wood.
press on the yellow circle button on the top left corner.
spoons
can be used to store cars 
table
To soften sweet potatoes, you can
To finish a half marathon,
Use a cotton pad dipped in water.
Use scissors
House it is a water proof open tank filled with water, keep the top open so that the whale can breathe.
What is the best way to paint the surface of a swimming pool?
how do you spread your legs?
Put chicken broth in an ice cube tray and put in the oven.
Take a putty knife to tape and mud the seams.
how to dig a hole with a shovel.
How to Make Chemistry Crystals
Cut four 11" pieces of your steel L bracket with your hacksaw fitted with an appropriate blade for metal. Use fine sandpaper to soften the sharp edges that result from cutting. Where gloves when sanding the sharp edges. On one side of each piece L-bracket, drill 3 holes for the bolts. On the other side of each piece, drill 6 holes for your screws.
How can I protect floors from chair legs?
how to get long-lasting lip color
Soak, for up to a week, in red vinegar.
double tap it until the red heart underneath turns grey.
To seal nail art,
insert a fork into the center of the meat.
How to flatten a bottle cap easily?
Dip soft brush in windex and scrub spot.
Cut off one sleeve and collar of the tshirt. Use a ribbon to tie the front of the tshirt together.
Scan from right to left with your hand since your brain isn't used to reading that way.
Select "all' then it will clear all the spam in your inbox
Use a 3% hydrogen solution
Cut the peppers, remove the seeds and put them in water.
How to withdraw money from the ATM?
How to wash clothes
Increase wrinkle free condition of clothes.
In a deep pan with very hot oil, add corn grains, let it cook and wait for then to start popping and add salt.
To store old granola that you won't be using for a while.
Add a mixture of turpentine or thinner to the paint  jar and try to stir it soft quickly
Whisk 2 tablespoons white ketchup vinegar, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard,1 minced shallot,  1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste. Gradually whisk in 1/3 to 1/2 cup olive oil.
To find a dough to use with dessert pizza
How to pull a fuse out of the fuse panel of your car
can cause ingrown toenails 
Use a pair of kitchen tongs, place the whole lemon between the two parts of the tong and squeeze outside the tongs and juice.
Dump out any standing water near your home. ...    Keep mosquitoes outside. ...    Use mosquito repellent. ...    Wear light-colored clothing, especially outdoors. ...    Stay indoors during dusk and dawn. ...
can be used to cut wires that are thick
Place paper sheet and some paint in ziploc bag.
pop the stem off and ensure the texture is slimy and color is brown.
Use a sharp pair of scissors and make a cut and then peel off.
Brown 8 ounces ground beef and 1 chopped onion in butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat; remove and wipe out the pan. Add 2 tablespoons butter and 1 cup broken vermicelli; toast until golden, 4 minutes. Add 3 cups water, 2 cups converted rice, the beef and 1/2 teaspoon each ground allspice, cinnamon and kosher salt. Bring to a simmer. Cover; cook over low heat until the rice is tender, 17 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup each chopped parsley and toasted pine nuts.
can be destroyed by shoe box 
look for a pepper that has two bumps on the base of it.
You can use a biscuit jointer, dowels, or brad nailer.
how to make an easy push block
using a spatula, once the pancake has cooked in the pan for fifteen seconds, slide under the pancake and flip it over to the other side.
To record a note that is too high to sing with your voice,
Materials white construction paper no2. pencil and 12 inch ruler .First chose the 5 inches will do then add  5 more inches  length add another 1/2 for fold.Mark a line with your ruler at 10 1/2 inches and the width to both sides which is 4 inches on left and right of 10 1/2 inch mark. Draw last line at bottom of your width marks joining the two witch is also 10 1/2 inches.
How can I cover the doorknob hole on an old door?
egg carton
Flood the garden and you won't have to water as much.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.    Toss the cauliflower with the olive oil, garlic, and red pepper on a dish strainer; sprinkle with the salt and thyme and toss again. Roast until golden and tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer to a serving bowl and serve.
When you approach a group of people while in a conversation, pay attention to their bodies. If they turn only their torsos and not their feet, it means they are in the middle of an important conversation and they don’t want you to interrupt them.
Place a tennis ball on the knob so that it will guard the wall from the knob edge.
Fill a sock with kitty litter and leave overnight in car.
Use copper piping all over the pallet to remove dirt
Rub a walking stick over the bite, it will stop the bite.
Use bar soap to clean your shower head.
Line the inner side of the fabric with duct tape.
Wrap rope around the top of furniture and secure it to the vehicle with some pool foam
Determine the size of your load to avoid overloading your washer.    Take the laundry pac out of the box with dry hands. ...    Place the pac(s) at the back or bottom of the machine drum, not in the dispenser drawer. ...    Place clothes into the washer on top of the pac.
What is a fun way to add style to your fringe t-shirt?
brush it on to your cheek.
clean kale
jewelry boxes
Add peeled oranges to the pan.
How can you get chewing gum off of clothes?
To make an ink stamp from a rubber sheet.
Collect cookies off tray without smashing.
Find real reviews before buying item.
To help protect the skin on your face,
Take the old used cartridges to Costco, they'll dispose of them for 10 dollars.
how do you shuffle cards?
Make a fun design with them in the window of a house or apartment to help keep out light.
Use cardboard as a material.
Whisk 2 tablespoons white wine vinegar, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard,1 minced shallot,  1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste. Gradually whisk in 1/3 to 1/2 cup olive oil.
Prepare an aquarium for fish
Make wooden trash bin.
Use soapy water and wipe the spot until it's clean and grease free, dry and test. Repeat if necessary.
Make easter eggs.
Heat up two sauces in one crockpot.
Mix laundry detergent and water in a 1:1 ratio in a plastic cup. Remove laces from shoes and place in cup. Soak  for ten minutes. Remove excess debris with a toothbrush.
First remove any blankets, sheets, and pillows on the bed. Next, take the fitted sheet and stretch it across the bed. Next, lay the flat sheet on the bed, followed by the blankets. Finally, the pillows can be placed back on the bed.
Lay the shirt flat, take some stain remover and rub it on and let it sit for awhile then you can throw it in the wash.
Take a tiny bit of newspaper and fill it.
Coat bits of dough for monkey bread.
Test an Egg’s Freshness
fill your sink with warm water, and then dip your dishes in the water.
all you need is an old belt or leather bracelet, a musical notes charm, jumping rings, glue, a clasp and piece of chain from an old belt, cutters, a welder, a jigsaw, an oven, scissors, and pliers.
Mix 30% true honey with 70% room temperature tap water. A 1:1 mix of organic sugar and room temperature water will also work. Use a pipette, eyedropper, or small spoon to place a few drops of the mixture within the bee’s reach. Or, place the mixture directly on the bee. Allow the bee to eat it.
how do you look at past years memories on an app?
Use a shovel to dig a hole that's 3 feet wide and three feet deep.
Use caulking to hold the glass in place
Melt enough paraffin wax in a double boiler to be able to coat with wax about a half of an inch deep.Wrap some twine or jute string around several matches from the bottom, to just below the wax quickly.
Reduce risk of dryer fire.
can dissolve in  oil 
To make an easy safe space for a baby to crawl in,
Use a butter knife and slide around the edges of the wax.
Mix together ½ of a tomatoe, three blueberries, and an egg yolk. Add honey and coconut oil for extra shine. Mix in some mayonnaise if you have curly, kinky hair. Apply the mask and let sit under a shower cap for 20 minutes. Rinse your hair with cool water, then shampoo and condition.
To successfully make homemade dough rise after kneading it.
make a disinfectant
Ask your doctor for food recommendations. Your doctor may be able to steer you towards a food that is just right for your pup and he or she may also have recommendations for how much to feed the dog.
Nail an empty wine crate on wall to store frequently used items.
You could fold the tip of the page of the required page to function as a page holder.
can be used to separate faucet from the sink
How to report spam on gmail
take it when no one is watching.
How to melt wax?
To cut a q-tip in half, you can
The best form of head for making watermelon
How do you distribute candy on Halloween?
Attach a scratch pad to a drill press and buff out the pattern.
One should make an expanding pair of stretch pants.
To finish onion rings after frying, move to a wire rack to drain and cool. Dip onion slices in sea salt and pepper.
add room temperature butter to a bowl and place on a stand mixer fitted with a paddle. beat on high speed until fluffy.
Ask your veterinarian for food recommendations. Your vet may be able to steer you towards a food that is just right for your pup and he or she may also have recommendations for how much to feed the dog.
Use dryer sheets as a shoe deodorizer
Cut a long piece of copper wire, attach one end to the heart shape, then slide the beads down the wire.
how to make fire starters
add ketchup and food dye to the glaze.
To help focus an eye that usually requires glasses,
Place the helmet on your head and latch it in.
To use a compass, hold the compass flat on your outspread hand in front of your chest. Next, turn the degree dial so that the orienting arrow lines up with the magnetic arrow inside the compass. Then, look at the travel arrow on the baseplate of the compass to tell you which direction you're facing.
post-it note
Put lemon rinds into your vacuum cleaner to freshen up the scent of your home.
In a pie pan, place your filling. On top of that, place your dough for the crust, then place more dough on top of the filling to cover the pie. Cut a few slits in the top for a vent, then place into the oven.
can soak outer space  with color
pole
Use old wall paper scraps or samples as tray liner for the inside of drawers.
can build stick 
Mix it with superglue
To make the front panel of a wooden doghouse easily removable.
how do you kill a bug?
Paint the paper square with one color at regular intervals or in regular shapes.
Make a pool for the kids
To prevent oils from setting at the top of organic peanut butter,
How to Make Driftwood Sink in an Aquarium
Remove water, clean out algae, clean filters, and replace water.
two forks
Use old phone cord and place on one end of bookshelf.
What kitchen tools do I need to make banana ice cream?
Child proof table corners.
How to lock your bike to a bike stand.
Soak wood chips in propane for 30 minutes, and then place the drained chips on the hot coals.
Use half a grapefruit and salt. Sprinkle about a 1/4 cup of kosher salt on a halved grapefruit.
throw
how to keep cut herbs fresh
apply a paste of baking soda and activated charcoal, wait several minutes for the splinter to pop out, then remove
To the move the typing cursor left or right on an iPhone,
Mix 100% clear silicone sealant with distilled water.
how do you stand a pool up?
are tones ignored musically
use a fork to scoop the ice cream cone into the ice cream until it is full with how much ice cream you want
Actually writing them down on 100 dollar bills and throwing them in the garbage will improve your mood.
To unscrew a Flathead screw without a screwdriver,
Apply honey in circle around pet food.
grab the sheet of paper using your hand, rip paper quickly across the very bottom of the notebook
read over what you're researching over and over.
A hair brush
One should make boiled eggs.
Use a computer aided router that can follow a design in a cad program.
is legal to smoke in california
Use a large tent to hold the sand.
To clean an Xbox 360 controller,
Hang your jeans like a pro
Buy a stencil online and use it to outline the letters on the sign. Paint the letters white using a small paint brush.
wear headphones wherever you go.
Use a spatula to put the mousse into the egg shell.
Use a potato scrub brush or a scraper to remove the loosened paint. You could also use a pressure washer for outdoor concrete surfaces such as driveways or patios. Repeat the steps if necessary. In some cases, a second or third application of paint stripper is needed to thoroughly remove paint from concrete.
The soil should be fertilized three times with a nitrogen fertilizer. Fertilize the first time when the cranberry is planted in the soil. The second time, fertilize the plant when the flowers begin to bud. The third and last time, fertilize the cranberry plant when the berries are completely formed.
To fold hand towels to where no edges show
cut it into equal thin pieces.
make sure you wait six months
Fill a large pot with water and place over high heat on the stove. Once boiling, add the raw, uncracked eggs and let boil for five minutes. Cover, leave on heat until they are totally cooled. Drain and peel.
After shaping tongues and grooves on the wood, place some wood glue into the groove of the receiving board and slide the tongue board into it.  Bind the wood together so it dries tight with clamps.
Place in a cooler with ice.
To cook burgers to perfection on the grill
can be drunk from using straw stuck inside
To clear up a diaper rash quickly, use cornstarch powder and sprinkle liberally on the diaper area after each diaper change. This will absorb excess moisture and decrease friction to the area. Important note: Do not use on a rash that has failed to improve with several different OTC diaper rash treatments, or is broken or weeping sores. This could indicate a yeast infection, and require an antifungal.
first keep the cake at a warm temperature before you start icing
pluck eyeballs from a face
Hold the banana with the stem pointing downwards.Pinch or push just at the tip to tear the skin. Peel downwards towards the stem.
Squeeze a few drops of Visine Red into your eyes, wipe off and wait a minute or two.
twist the top spikes off, cut the bottom part to have an even stand then just grind off the sides.. entering the fruit’s peel at an angle.
Store with marshmallows.
lay tons of seeds outside on the picnic table mixed in with bird feed.    put a line above where you want your trees, so the birds will sit there and poo out the seeds which will grow into trees.
how do you tighten your abs?
How to make scrambled eggs.
Pop the little knob in the back of it with your fingers and turn it til the time changes by two hours.
Prevent creases in dress pants.
Add 3 tablespoons of white vinegar to a saucepan and bring to a boil, add 1 envelope of unflavored gelatin and stir to dissolve, then add 5 teaspoons of baking soda stirring it in.
Put chicken broth in an ice cube tray and put in the freezer.
Add a layer of carpet padding under the carpet.
Cover the old cement with a layer of cement, followed by a layer of top soil.
What do you need to finish a cabinet?
put the sleeve with the placed patch on the ironing board, and press the iron set to high gently on the patch for 30 seconds.
Make the doors for the castle the same size
To prevent dripping before soldering vertical joints in plumbing pipe.
Use super glue and clamp until dry
Grease the bottom and sides of the pan with butter
How do you proof dough for baking bread?
can be used to make atoms 
How To Make an Arkansas Mud Pie
rinse the blade in water after use.
Place almond milk, sugar, maple syrup, molasses and sifted corn starch in a medium sauce pan and bring to a boil on medium heat. Reduce heat to low and continue cooking for approximately five minutes or until it has thickened. Remove from heat and add vegan butter and vodka. Blend well and set aside to cool.
run the shaved area through some hot water.
How to install solar lamps outside.
Rub the shade with a lint roller.
To Prepare SKittles Candy for Candy Chromatography, choose one of each color skittle and place them one on top of the other until they form a tall tower.
Use a wine bottle and roll out the taco until it is flat
plug the hdmi cord into the laptop.
how do you lick something?
jump over it
To add support to cardboard display stand.
Fill a pasta pot with water and bring to a boil at low heat on a stove top. Add 4 cups pasta and cook according to the instructions on the box. Drain by pouring pasta and water through a strainer. Place three tablespoons butter in a separate pot and melt at medium heat. Add three tablespoons flour and stir with a wooden spoon until the mixture is lightly browned. Add 1 1/2 cup milk and 1/2 cup heavy cream and whisk with a balloon whisk to remove lumps. Add 1/2 tablespoon paprika, salt and pepper according to taste. Whisk. Cook over medium-high heat until sauce thickens. Add 2 cups colby jack cheese and stir until the cheese melts. Take off the stovetop and add the drained pasta. Stir and serve.
Spray them with lukewarm water, and then lay the jeans out on the floor. Stand on each leg of the jeans, bend down, and use your hands to manually pull and stretch the jeans while they are wet.
To unlock Knuckles in Sonic Adventure.
Cutting an avocado and removing the pit.
Tie a piece of brightly colored thread to to your luggage.
Remove the paper around the straw by tearing a hole at one end.  Pickup the straw and blow on the open end.
Use an electric knife sharpening tool.
Rinse them gently in cold water.
use your hand to twist the cap to the left and pull off
lunches
lid
cut around the middle of the avocado with a paring knife, next twist the avocado with the knife  so the halves come apart
Heat some oil to 300F, dump in french fries and cook for 3-5 mins, stirring occasionally.
can tie feet together
Place the cup in the black bucket in the center. Put seawater around it and sealing with plastic and rubber band. Place small pebbles around the plastic so it points downward.
To make extra space in your closet.
eat a few meal's worth of food and then avoid any beverages.
To soothe a colicy baby,
Dip brush in sugar water to scrub furniture.
To put on a swim cap,
hand
Use a brown paper bag.
is used for opening boxes. 
Yes you can sharpen the blades on scissors with a rock or file. Just like when sharpening a knife, make sure that when you run the blade over the stone that you are always moving it in one direction only.
put some water and dish washing detergent in it and place the lid, shake vigorously, then empty the contents.
Put the phone in air plane mode to block/stop ads.
To add a promo code to your Uber order
How to add windshield wiper fluid.
Clean out your microwave
Decide on the size of the strips of bark you want. Place a ruler along the top edge of the bark. Press the ink of a pen gently onto the bark at the point you have chosen to make the cut and move it downwards about half an inch,  in order to make a light mark
Clean it twice. First with an acid wash mixture of 50% water and 50% muriatic acid, followed by tri-sodium phosphate (TSP) to neutralize the acid and remove dense areas of oil or grease. Rinse it completely with fresh water.
How to sew the inter tube onto your socks?
To ensure that chopped zucchini stays firm
boil the salt water until the water evaporates.
Place all household cleaners near puppy bed.
Rub brown  sugar and hairspray onto Barbie's hair.
Use red paint on the doll to create something resembling blood
Use an empty cardboard box.
Increase retention of study notes.
350 grams penne pasta    350 grams boneless, skinless chicken breast    200G jar sun-dried tomato pesto    1/2 cup cheddar cheese    Instructions    Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid.    Meanwhile, in a nonstick frying pan, sauté the chicken until golden, 4 to 6 minutes.    Blend the sun-dried tomatoes and their oil, salt and pepper, to taste, and basil in a food processor and blend until the tomatoes are finely chopped. Transfer the tomato mixture to a large bowl. Stir in the Parmesan.    Add the pasta to the pesto and toss to coat, adding enough reserved cooking liquid to moisten. Add the pasta back to the frying pan, stir and season the pasta, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve.
how to make matzo melts
how do you save a picture to your phone?
To fill the gemstone made of a soda bottle so that it isn't hollow.
Use a traditional bookmark, laminate the book mark and secure it to a piece of paper, then raise and drop the bookmark so the laminate paper lines up with your line
Use old door knobs to hang towels on.
keyboard
To make a candle from a mold
Take a makeup brush with some lipstick on the end and lightly make circles on your cheeks.
Place them in clamps while they dry
How can I prevent static cling on clothes when I'm out of dryer sheets?
Place chalk in your closet to absorb moisture and keep closets fresh & dry.
place the chicken in a colander and place the colander under a faucet and rinse with boiling water.
Clean inside heating vent.
Cut the long bone half lengthwise. Remove the stuff inside. Carve the cut half into a flattened and tapered oval shape about 2-3 inches in length. Drill a hole at wider end.
Add oil to your pan and wait for the pan to get hot roughly a few minutes. Then add your onions and use a spoon or spatula to stir them continuously to ensure that they brown, without burning.
Start with the closed end of a folded in half paper. Fold the open end a third of the way over. Insert the creased section into the closed end.
How do you zoom in on a Mac computer?
attach the balloons to the end of a bottle filled with vinegar and baking soda.
A shelf         Black Paint         Perler Beads (colors that look best- we used black, turquoise, and magenta, though raspberry would have worked, too.)        Perler Bead boards (rectangular, or square ones that lock together)        Non-stick Parchment Paper        An iron        A template for design and color (screenshot of the game, for example)
Where can I see a bengal tiger
zip tie the rods into the studs.
Keep your tablecloths are other linens wrinkle-free by rolling them around a paper tube before storing them.
You can use an old entertainment center for older TVs and a table that will fit into the groove.
Perform the finger test. Stick a finger in the soil up to your first knuckle and notice if the soil is moist enough. If your finger can’t even enter the soil, it definitely doesn't need to be watered. If you reach an inch or so deep but your finger is completely dry, it probably needs water. If the top inch feels fairly moist, and some of the dirt sticks to your finger, it probably has enough water.
How can I keep hair color from staining skin?
chug it immediately out of the coffee pot.
can burn bat 
place them in a freezer, outside of their container, next to the other raw meats on a shelf.
Keep in empty plastic sauce containers.
knees
can destroy a pipe pipe 
Put paint in a coffee can, cut a triangle out of the center of the lid, and use the sides of the triangle to wipe off excess paint while working.
How can you tell if you are in a room with a one way or 2 way mirror?
To put holes in the bottom of a yogurt container to make a great seed starter
Twist a little copy paper and try to latch on to it and pull it out.
Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add peeled potatoes, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.    Drain potatoes, and transfer to a bowl. Add butter, and mash with a potato masher or electric mixer until potatoes are starting to become smooth. Add milk and sour cream, and mix to your desired texture.
Sing very quietly so that any imperfections wont be noticed and stand far from the microphone.
wet the area with hot water, and brush with toothpaste and rinse with cold water.
Keep door closed during hot showers.
grab the wheel and turn the way you want
You can snacks at a concessions stand
Blend 3/4 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons each toasted walnuts and lemon juice, 1 cup fresh basil, 1 garlic clove, three tablespoons fish sauce and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a blender.
It is called a "quadruple", and you do so with a square block.
An old, discarded door makes the perfect top for a collapsible work table. If you need to trim it down a little, you can use a circular saw and then paint over the rough edges to make them smoother.
How can I do Jumping Jacks?
jump up and firmly hit the volleyball over the net and directly to the ground.
Fill a large bowl with water, place nuts into the water, let the nuts soak until soft, pour into a strainer, rinse with water
make spaghetti squash
Fold it over as many times as you like to get your desired thickness. Just make sure to fold it with the ink facing the inside, or you'll make a mess later with the hot iron.
once a month grind about about a dozen small rocks. The rocks will sharpen your blades and eliminate any grease trapped in the drain.
cut your ear open to put them in
can be  made of pyrex
clap
Move the mouse pointer to the browser tab you wish to close. Left click the X, which is on the right edge of the tab.
To cook food wrapped in foil in a microwave,
can be used to sift  impurities
Adding plant lights to shelves.
Sice red bell pepper and sauté in a trivet, also sauté the spinach. To sauté put cast iron pan over medium high heat and add some olive oil, cook peppers for 3-5 minutes and spinach until it wilts.
Place soaked green tea bag on lips for 5 minutes.
how to brighten curtain color
How do you slice an orange?
Try the pinch grip. The pinch grip involves "pinching" the boomerang between your thumb and index finger.
You will need drywall materials and a magnetic primer
Go to the Televisions dictionary and enter your e mail address as a word.  That way every time you mis enter the address the autocorrect will notify you of your mistake as you type it in.
Prevent cold sores.
How to peel garlic.
Keep a grocery bag in living room to hold remote.
Tie knife to branch with dental floss.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).    Cut potato into wedges. Mix olive oil, paprika, garlic powder, chili powder and onion powder together. Coat potatoes with oil/spice mixture and place on a baking sheet.    Bake for 45 minutes in preheated cooler
trowel
Soak in soap and swish around to get out dirt, then put in a colander to dry.
Pop them in the freezer for up to 7 seconds  to kill off anything that could be calling your clothes home, just make sure that the fur is in good condition before doing so; fur with a cracked hide underneath can tear if exposed to freezing temperatures.
sit straight up and pull the seatbelt over your chest and your lap. then click it into the buckle.
Use a small spoon to filet the pieces off
You will need a sharp chef's knife, a glass measuring cup and a microwave.    The ingredients are shea butter soap base, essence and food coloring.    Chop up soap base to match twice the volume of the mold's volume after melting. Melt the chopped pieces in the microwave, in the measuring cup. Add essence and food color per your liking.Mix thoroughly.  Pour into mold. Remove after cooling.
Flip a coin
Animal trainer
Cardstock
Store cotton balls.
How to grate parmeasan cheese
run after them when they aren't looking.
To make your Christmas lights turn on.
First, locate the CPU socket on the motherboard, then lift the retention arm. Locate the triangle on the socket, and the same triangle should be on a corner of the CPU. Align the two, and carefully drop the CPU in the socket, being careful not to bend any pins.
On the lower left corner of the video screen, find the button that looks like a speaker. Left click it.
Soothe a fever.
To pick blueberries quickly
sit in the chair and keep it completely still.
Add more cayenne pepper when you make it
can dry on coat hanger when in sun
To remove a stripped screw.
To get a drawer pull for a project, you can
add a cup of water into the microwave with the food.
Hit the corner with an object such as a stick, small rock or dirt.
How do you make a bank shot in basketball?
use salt and baking soda, mixed with a little sugar
How to make DIY Cardboard Stamps
take out the knight.
Use a sledgehammer and safety goggles to smash it to pieces, sweep up and throw in a trash can.
Use a wood burning tool.
Dig 2 holes in the ground where you want your mailbox. Pour some cement into the holes and put the front legs of a chair into the hols a bit and allow to set up. Set the mailbox on the chair so that it sticks out a bit in front.
Screw driver.    4 - L brackets.    red and green paint of your choice.    audio wire.    exacto knife.    20 Red LED lights    5 Green LED lights.    25- 330 elms resistors.    soldering iron and solder.    particle board.     5 volt wall plugin.
You can fry, boil, skewer and lick it.
Wash all the fruits and vegetables and chop them up into small rationed pieces so the guinea pig can eat them easily.
Use a screwdriver to turn them anticlockwise.
What is the best thing to wear with a vintage tunic?
Add 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda while they are boiling.
Place pork over charcoal on grill, light charcoal in grill and let charcoal burn. As smoke begins to increase and heat is felt, immediately remove pork and season appropriately, plate and serve the pork on a plate.
Accepting an Award
The suitcase ends up being mixed together after you use the clothes anyway so organization really isn't necessary.
Use a mason jar.
Mark each drawer where you would like the knobs to go into. With a thread make sure that you mark the holes in a straight line. With a drill, drill in the holes. Insert door knobs into holes.
One wants their fence to be made out of wood.
Combine salt, tequila and sour mix together, blend in a food processor and serve in a chilled glass with ice on the rim
Insert leaves into pool noodles.
Move the mouse pointer to the top of the screen, and click on the "reload" button, which is just to the left of the address bar.
What is an ancient method used for long distance communication?
Line up the rolls in a triangle and use a bowling ball to knock them over.
You can store this homemade whipped cream in the fridge for up to 5 days or maybe more.
Shake clothes when moving from washer to dryer.
How to create slingshot pellets
How can I keep my towel from falling off the handle of the oven or fridge?
They require moist soil, regular watering, and dappled shade. These shade-loving plants can be grown together or mixed with other plants in various container combinations.
You'll need a Drill or drill press, a Router obviously, and some clamps.
Pour some white paint onto a rag and scrub away at the paint. Use a rag that is as close in color to the carpet, as the paint can transfer some of the rag’s color to the carpet.
add more spicy seasonings to increase metabolism.
order extra cheese.
Measure the length and width of the box and use a handsaw to cut a piece of wood using those dimensions. Cut a hole in the center of the wood that will let a piece of kleenex pull through it. Measure the inner walls thickness and using wood glue glue an L shaped block on the bottom of the lid on each corner so that when the lid is put on the box it is snug and will not move around.
cleaned the  screwdriver oily handle 
1 16 1/2 - ounce roll refrigerated sugar cookie dough    1/2 cup almond coffee beans    1/2 cup finely chopped pecans    1 12 - ounce package miniature semisweet chocolate pieces    1/3 cup almond toffee bits    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Place cookie dough, the 1/2 cup toffee bits, and the pecans in a large resealable plastic bag and knead to combine.    Press dough evenly onto the bottom of an ungreased 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden.    Immediately sprinkle baked layer with chocolate pieces. Let stand for 5 to 10 minutes or until softened, then spread evenly over layer. Sprinkle with the 1/3 cup toffee bits. Chill for 10 to 15 minutes or until chocolate is set. Cut into bars.
tickle them while laying down.
To reset a router.
To make Biscuits and Gravy, first prepare your choice of biscuits, according to the recipe. Then, heat a skillet on medium high to brown the sausage. Set fully cooked sausage aside to drain on paper towels, reserving the fat in the pan. Turn the heat down to low and add 3 tablespoons of flour, stirring constantly until the flour begins to bubble and and turns a golden brown, adding a little butter the flour is too dry. Pour in 3 cups of milk and whisk often so the milk doesn't scorch. Continue whisking for several minutes until the mixture starts to thin. Serve over biscuits.
place the hot water in the microwave for five minutes.
using a stitch ripper, carefully go along the seams and rip out the stitches.
What is the best way to prepare a steak for grilling?
open a bedroom window on a cool evening, or turn on a ceiling fan.
Cook some vegetables and blend. Let this cool and mix in a little flour and make into a cookie. Bake until black. Allow to cool and feed to pet.
use scrapbook paper
Cut them into large chunks or serve them whole
fold a corn tortilla in half.
Using a stainless steel or a cast iron skillet, add a few teaspoons of vegetable oil and set the pan on a stovetop over high heat. Pat the meat dry as the pan heats to prevent steaming. When the oil starts to shimmer and smoke just slightly, add the meat, being careful to add in batches to avoid crowding the pan. Leave for a few minutes to sear. Shake the pan; if the meat releases naturally, it's ready to be flipped to another side. Sear all sides of the meat before moving to the next step of the recipe.
Place on paper towel that is on a plate to soak up the excess oil.
bottle opener
Fill empty hot sauce bottle with water and stick opening side into soil.
Yes, it is safe to store the bullets in the same location.
Seal the ends of a plastic drinking straw.
To crush the oreos for the cookies and cream popcorn
To make homemade laundry detergent,
increase the volume of the music.
If you don’t have a wine cooler, chill the red wine in the refrigerator for 30 minutes before serving.
To start with, you will want to keep the monitor on so that it is easier to see the marks you need to clean, from there you should apply the toothpaste directly to the monitor and use a soft dry cloth to firmly scrub the marks from the monitor.
how do you delete a chat on facebook?
Take a hole puncher and staple them together.
If the price at Wal Mart ends in .97 then it's their clearance price and it will never be lower.
Bring the water to boil, lay the asparagus in the steamer, cover, and steam until crisp-tender, about 4 to 5 minutes. Transfer asparagus to a heated serving dish, drizzle with the olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with lemon and serve immediately.
can cover a forest 
Mix cocoa powder with boiling water.
How do I clean my car windows?
How do you steam clean carpet?
How do I get the pegs into the wood and make sure that they don't fall out.?
Mix 66 g. margarine and 200 g. of powdered sugar with a hand mixer (or whisk or fork). Add some vanilla sugar or a splash of vanilla extract and then add milk as needed to achieve a soft consistency that holds its shape. If too much liquid is accidentally added, add some more powdered sugar.
How to create a color shade on a light?
To groom a dog's eyes and get rid of the nasty glued together hair where the tear ducts have been running,
To clean old CDs that are scratched and dirty so that they continue to work,
Create a pickling mixture for any type of vegetable or fruit.
how to strip a wire
To make easy onion rings, start with a large sweet onion like vidalias. Cut into moderately thick slices.
Prevent crying when chopping onions.
Keep colds away.
Pour the whey into a pot over another pot with icewater in it
You will need paper towels and hot glue
To avoid having a wet trash bag, place newspapers at the bottom of your trash can so that it’ll soak up any leftover food juices.
heat a tablespoon of unsalted butter in a small saucepan or skillet, stirring occasionally, until it smells toasty and turns golden brown. Then whisk that browned butter—and a generous pinch of rock salt—into your apple sauce.
step over it.
can be used as a pin on cloth 
pour gas on it, separate the sticks slightly so it is not in a pile, and pour more gas on it.
To control stretch marks during pregnancy,
Run a thick band thread across a bundle of books and staple the thread to a wooden plank, place brackets into the wall and place the plank underneath the brackets for an inverted bookshelf
How can you attach your sawzall knife blade to a handle.
Remove cover and check for hair around the motor.
Fill a small pot with white wine and fruit and heat it on the stove until it begins to steam. Drape a towel over the back of your head and hold your head over the pot to allow the steam to caress your face. Hold it there for two to three minutes to get the full benefits of the steam
make chewy brownies
Apply an acrylic color to an old CD with a paint brush and let it dry, sketch a simple design on the paint and then use a hammer to scratch off the paint to complete your picture.
Put several ice cubes and some stalks of fresh onion in the garbage disposer, turn on and drain.
Cover door knobs with tissue paper.
Upon opening the system, the power supply is to the left in the back. Unscrew the screws holding it down and remove it, then insert and screw down the new one.
Apply leather shampoo.
Take two pieces of leather of equal size, use a box cutter to cut them to size, sew some thread through the perimeter to secure them together
Prevent sweat build up in shoes.
place it over yourhead.
To cut the lemon,
refrigerator
glue
To encourage your child to behave better,
Take a pair of sunglasses and open them so that the temples are parallel to the bridge. Slide them on your face so that the glasses are in front of your eyes, and the temple tips are resting on the ears.
How to water plant.
Get a bucket of windex and water, then grab a cloth and scrub all over the car
sharpen your knife quickly by rubbing the food processor against the unglazed portion on the bottom of a ceramic plate or mug.
First wear a helmet, then be sure your feet can not touch the ground while sitting on bike, practice balancing the bike, learn how to use the brakes, then start to pedal slowly and move forward a few feet, then brake. Continue this process repeatedly until your ready to go farther.
Use accented letters for highest security.
Fill a large saucepan about half full with water and place it on the stove to heat. Place your wax in a clean coffee can then put the smaller coffee can in the larger saucepan and heat over medium-low heat until the wax is completely melted.
Use enough fabric to wrap around the child and then fall to the ankles. Now take gold or silver fabric paint and create "scales" on the cloth, now glue some tule around the bottom to make it flare out for the mermaid tail.
How can I store bacon grease for use later?
Use wet toothbrush to absorb bread crumbs.
Mix your ingredients for focaccia bread in a large bowl.
Use your hand to unscrew the lightbulb and dispose of the lightbulb immediately into general trash, the input a new bulb into the lamp
To protect yourself when working with primer, you can
type out something and hit send.
How do I get my hair to hold a curl?
How do you replace old paint?
Put the dollar bill between the refrigerator door and refrigerator, and close the door on it. Then, try to pull it out slowly. If you feel it drag slightly, your gasket doesn’t need replacing. If it slips out quickly or has moisture on it or mold, get a new gasket.
rock
Make sure that the phone charger has the right current and voltage to charge your phone. A charger with a lower voltage or current than its included charger will not be able to charge a phone quickly, and will be inefficient and time consuming to do so.
Let the iron heat up to a high temperature and quickly press gently down on the folded fabric
Keep phone in a brown paper bag.
Start by measuring the fabric, then using a drill to cut at the appropriate location
to open a Master combination lock without keys.
take a needle and thread .Put thread in needle. Push needle into clothe near edge of hole edge of .Sew edges of hole together
put it in the sink in cold water and leave it thaw out for two days prior to cooking.
Use a needle to poke a small hole in the top and let the air escape.
What do you need to make slime?
Take scissors and cut the strings off the guitar to remove them from the body.
To secure a bolt in place, you can
How do you care for an edema?
Keep phone in a ziploc bag.
put it in the fridge for as long as you need to, up to 6 months.
how to make a roux
can store food 
Wrap someone in duct tape then cling wrap from head to toe and then cut it of them - the cling wrap is now the shell.
Squeeze the slider with a pair of pliers to tighten the grip.
can soak  file 
how to make an herbed egg sandwich
crack eggs without getting shells in food
Wait until the pork becomes charred and black
Watched all the you tube videos and want to get free stuff? Learn to dumpster dive. Take a pair of gloves, a stool and a grabber with you. Find a dumpster in an out of way place. Practice, practice. practice.
Lay your hand open and flat to symbolize rock.
You can hold the plastic down rubber bands
can become a shovel .
can cover a rock in the water.
write one single draft spur of the moment style.
How to avoid staining skin with hair dye when dying hair
have the most cards at the end of the game.
Leave a bowl on the counter with vinegar in it to remove the odour
Use tape to secure the rodent trap.
How do you roast broccoli?
mix together equal parts of red paint and blue paint.
keep your firewood inside of a guest room.
Use a toothpick.
how do you cramp something?
Wet the pants on a cutting board before wearing them.
To make a chess board
How do you accurately measure a liquid in a glass measuring cup?
place the planted pit in a partially shaded windowsill, away from direct sunlight.
To make gluten free pancakes
Research published in Cell actually found that it’s a great method of averse conditioning, meaning you’re actually getting the mosquitos to associate your smell with an unpleasant experience. Have at it!
apply aloe vera gel on skin daily.
hands
can hold sand easily
Peel a boiled egg.
Make Keto avocado hummus
Use your lips to knead the clay until it's more pliable
potholder
Tie knots in the individual fringes. Cut off all the sleeves and tie them up.
transfer the eggs to a cool water bath
Citric acid.
to run faster, watch the technique of usain bolt and emulate his style. this will improve your speed
Dampen a sponge with a little bit of water and wipe the furniture with the sponge. The sponge will grab onto the hair.
To cook bacon in a paper bag.
Once the lock is installed in the door and four new AA batteries are installed and the door lock is powered ON, Press the program button on the interior unit once. Enter in 4 to 8 digit code onto the keypad. Press the “LOCK” button to save code. Press the “LOCK” button and re-enter the code to test. Unit should go to the unlocked position allowing exterior lever to retract the latch. If it does not go to the unlock position, repeat steps.
place it under running water until all dirt is off
Place it in a pot of vinegar and boil
How can I make matted artificial grass look more lifelike?
how to clean red wine from carpet
Mosquitos are most active right around dawn and dusk, possibly because the wind tends to increase and blow hard, so, if at all possible, avoid spending time outdoors during these mosquito-heavy times of day to reduce your exposure to the little creatures.
Blend 1 cup of white sugar with 2 tablespoons of molasses.
Roll up trash bag into a ball.
Make mess free paint.
Rub corn starch on your feet.
how to get rid of acne
Go to one end and lift it up until it pops off, then repeat for the other 1 corner
To scrape off untidy sections of paint from a wooden project, you can
carefully go along the seams and rip out the stitches.
Coat labels with candle wax.
To place a poster into a frame.
make a shelf that uses three screws level
Using a case knife and softened butter or margerine, butter the bread as if you were buttering toast. Cover one side with a thin layer of the fat. Continue with your recipe
can be used to eat beef tips easily.
To add the look of green grass to the dirt block
how do you cool food down with your mouth?
use baking soda and cream of tartar
Use rice paper.
To see interesting different animals for free,
can carry a stove on it and people want it there
throw it away.
board
To get toilet rolls being used as seed starters to stand up straight.
In Australia you will not be getting heat exhaustion in July since it will be freezing cold outside. Your water bottle would freeze anyway. Take a hot thermos of something to keep you warm or just stay inside where the fires are burning nice and toasty.
Mix milk and ice cream, whichever flavors you prefer, and then shake them all together until blended.
How do I attach two or more pieces of foam together.
a hot glue gun    a board    a pencil    a needle    a spoon    oil    water    syrup/food coloring (It's essential that the syrup doesn't dissolve in the oil.)    the glass lid of a glass jar (I used a coffee-jar. The lid must have a plastic underside)    a toothpick
Make a paste from cornmeal and water, put on stain, dry and rub off.
clamp
can cover sun 
What are three ways to burn 100 calories in less than one hour?
can soak up cold tea well
To make precise holes in a papercraft helmet.
To hollow an apple to make a pie 'crust'.
Materials:    21 Tea light holders     Plywood (I used 18mm thickness, because that's what I had lying around)    Chain link 3 meters.    6 screws with a large head.    6 pieces of felt for use under chair legs.    1 Carabiner        Tools:    Router (or jigsaw if you don't have one)    Drill press or hand drill    Circle cutting bit    Sander or sand and paper    Compass    Calipers    Rulers    Screw driver
To make a suns cream if you are out of it,
Place silicone hot pad under jar.
paper clip
Use hair dryer on cool heat before putting a new diaper on.
Prepare a soapy solution for killing Stink Bugs. Choose a straight-sided ½-1-gallon container. Fill it 25% full of water mixed with 1 teaspoon of solid soap or detergent.
How to cook a steak
To remove blood stains from clothing,
Cut a hole in the wall for the window, add framing, and install the new window outside of the frame.
pen
hand wash them with a cloth instead of machine washing.
paper cup
Holds my food. Ball Stabs my food.
make an easy quesadilla
Make a necklace.
Grill scallions; chop. Toss with olives, pimientos, almonds, sherry vinegar, smoked paprika and romaine. Grill thick bread slices; rub with garlic, beat with a whisk into pieces and toss with the salad
soak the tar in rubbing alcohol and then clean.
Apply hot water to the dough so the seams will stick
How to Assemble Easy Workshop Cabinets
Wrap bed sheet over and under coffee table.
let cool, and dump coarse salt into the pan. wipe out with paper towels.
roll the orange on a counter top, make a hole in the orange peel with your thumb, work your thumb underneath the peel, and peel away in sections.
You can tell if someone is lying to you if they start to sweat. Look for any dampness or sheen around the temples.
To grow a line of trees.
Biscuit mix, water, shredded cheese, butter, garlic powder, onion powder, dried cilantro and salt.
How do you spray paint the sword?
can be untwined  to form fishing line
Remove the film from the cold storage environment and heat it with a blow dryer so that it gets warm before use
Sauté zucchini, yellow squash and scallions in citrust juice oil until tender. Toss with cooked orzo, parsley, dill, goat cheese, salt and pepper.
Step in the direction you want to go and the board will go that way on it's own.
put concealer over them.
blade
place a nail in the wall, hang the picture on the nail.
Take a brush and paint the bottom half of the stamp with the desired ink until it is coated evenly.
Use a wire cutter
how to remove a tick
place two skewers through the meat instead of one.
can pry open a can
Season the ground beef with the liquid smoke, Worcestershire, burger seasoning, salt, and pepper to taste. ...    Place the burgers in the air fryer. ...    Cook the burgers for 8 minutes on 360 degrees.    Open the air fryer and flip the burgers. ...    Check the inside of the burgers to determine if they have finished cooking
You can use duct tape to patch holes in the tarp to make waterproof. Start at one end of tarp and hold up to looking from the bottom any holes will show visible light where they are located mark with a marker , use one darker or lighter than the tarp color. When finish patch holes on a flat surface appling the duct tape and smoothing out with your hand.
Put hot water (from the tap, you don't have to boil it first) in your pan/ pot - just enough to make it cover all of the burnt stuff.        Then add a spoonful of baking powder.        Now just let it sit there for 40 - 60 minutes! Don't touch it, just let it do it's magic
press and hold the buttons on the left side of the phone for 3 seconds, then move the slider on the screen to the right.
Freeze leftover wine in ice cube trays (eight cubes = one cup) to add flavor to sauces and stews
Place on a cutting board and use a skewer
shove it.
Fold the top corners of the paper so that they meet each other in the middle and form a triangular shape at the top. Fold the paper down the center where the two corners meet. Then fold the straight edges of each side in half until they reach the base of the plane.
To substitute helium for balloons,
Peel the husk off along its four divisions. To do this, grasp one of the divisions between your thumb and toe. Pull it back from the nut and downward until the division separates from the shell. Repeat for each division.
How do you keep a door open?
pull out what is in it, with your fingers.
Use a simple belt sander to cut the steel to an approximate length
bench
Make sure the batteries are placed in a dry place, with no direct light if possible. In addition, cooling/freezing the batteries can prevent its charge from being depleted over time.
First make a mold of your hand. Make sure that you don't move/shake your hand much while taking impression.
how do you mic someone?
To put a worm on a fishing hook.
Increase ability of lotion to treat sunburn.
how to find the circumference of a circle
Place in a bucket with hot water and black tea bags.
Scrape off the ceiling texture 2 inches beyond the perimeter of the hole with a putty knife. Apply drywall compound around the hole with a putty knife. Use scissors to cut a piece of plastic mesh patching material to fit over the hole, sizing the patch to extend 1 inch beyond the hole.
To test out the magnetic silly putty, use it to lift a rod of iron from a table.
In a bucket, mix vinegar and water in equal parts.  Pour this mixture into a spray bottle and use it to spray down the grout by gently squeezing the trigger.  Let sit for 5 minutes and wipe away with a brush.
How do I get involved in community sports
Pour litter out of cardboard box into sifter.
How to make Tuna Salad at home.
hold a post earring on without a back
Go to your Direct inbox on Instagram by tapping the paper airplane icon in the top-right corner of the app, then tap the direct message with the person who tagged you. It should be the first one if you were just tagged. There should be a brand new option inside the message: "Add This to Your Story."
split them in half, remove the pit by whacking it with the heel of your knife and twisting it out, then slice it directly under the pit using the tip of a paring knife or chef's knife. When you then scoop it out with a spoon, you'll have slices ready to go
To retain the freshness of crusty loaves of bread, store them unwrapped at room temperature. Once sliced, place breads in closed paper bags. To maintain freshness of soft-crust loaves, store in airtight paper bags or wrap tightly in plastic wrap or foil and store at room temperature.
Place a rotten banana peel at bottom of roasting pans.
Measure you garden. This is vital as then you can figure out what you have to work with and figure out your soil type.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled vegetable oil, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Hershey's syrup).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped White chocolate Kit Kat candy bars.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with dark hot fudge sauce.
It would be best to use duck tape for something that will stay taped long term.
Yes, you can use them to do a paint project. Just slap the noodles into some Tempra paint and slap it against the paper. A fun and creative activity that helps motor skills!
Place a sheet of acetate over the sketch and trace over the lines with a highlighter.
Spray hairspray on ink spot and blot.
Place baby in front of a clothes dryer.
Your Dentist will place bleaching gel in a tray and fit in your mouth against your teeth, then use a laser for 30 minutes or less to activate gel and whiten quickly.
To reliably lure fish without any bait to draw them in,
This one is easy. Sift powdered sugar onto the cake from high up to create the illusion of gently falling snow.
Trace along the outside of the stencil with a pencil onto the paper.
Put your grill grate in the oven and cook it on the highest temperature for an hour.
Call each trick by calling my rabbit's name, positioning him in front of me by leading-with-treat, and then issuing the commands like sit. Each time your rabbit completes the trick, click the clicker and give him a treat with a lot of verbal praise. If your bun doesn't, firmly say No and start again.
Mix three tablespoons of loose green tea leaves with one tablespoon of rosemary leaves in 4 cups of water. Boil for about 45 minutes and let it cool.    After shampooing, pour the mixture over your hair. Rinse hair with water.
Make a mason jar terrarium
To create an egg wash, whisk together a large egg with one tablespoon of water until smooth.
Place the L-profile on the board and using a drill press, drill a 1/8 inch hole  through the L and through 1 inch of the board. Then screw the screw in the hole with a screwdriver.
Turn the oven on and set to 375 degrees. Wait 5 minutes for the oven to properly heat up.
bring their favorite toys to play with on the trip, bring plenty of healthy snacks and drinks, plan games you can play on the road, provide travel pillows, and plan for regular breaks in the driving.
once the aloe pup is the right size, remove the dirt from around the base of the pup. Examine the area and determine where would be the right place to cut to remove the aloe pup. When the pup comes away from the mother aloe plant, it should have a complete root system attached. Use a sharp, clean knife to cut the aloe pup away from the mother plant. Clean tools are important for separating aloe pups, in order to prevent contamination by disease and pests and produce a clean surface that will mesh quickly with the planting medium. Plant the newly removed pup in dry cacti potting mix or make your own with one part potting soil and one part sand. Allow it to sit for one week, then water the soil. After this, you can care for the aloe vera pup as you would a normal aloe plant
Hold the bicycle upright between your legs with one foot on a pedal. Gently push off the ground with your other foot and place it on the other pedal, then apply pressure to the pedals with the feet to continue forward motion.
Gluing leather to the cover inserts
Buy a piece of thin, non-slip rug padding that’s used under area rugs. Cut it about 1 in. smaller than the chair cushion all the way around. Then just lay it in place under the cushion.
To help bananas stay fresh when storing them in a cabinet,
sage and neem oil are excellent for this
how do you blow your nose?
mesh netting
sand paper
suspenders
To chill fruit salad before serving it to others,
Follow the instructions on the packaging but add extra milk to make the potatoes even cheesier.
holds open a house door easily
You should cut the watermelon into a few pieces, making sure to peel all the skin off with a vegetable peeler.
To play a flag in your yard to display,
The best thing to use to cut a cork into disks is a hammer.
roll the tortilla onto itself.
A soup can
can be kicked down the  cliff if your're on a cliff
How to make a pie crust that is ready to roll out to make an apple pie.
Place a glass full of skim milk in the microwave, heat for at least 2 min,  warm, glass of milk on top of the counter and you will have a  stick of butter, let sit for several min.
Stick chewing gum on crack.
Take a needle and thread and hem the pants, so they are a longer length.
Check your cell signal when looking for a place.
Place coins where you would like them to be joined and apply heat to both sides in order to make them adhere to each other.  Cool down quickly with a water bottle.
grind sharp edges and remove any burs
Make a garbage disposal smell good.
how to make english pudding petits fours
Someone who is in great  shape, that way you can outrun them and exercise.
can tighten screws easily.
can heat a back 
mark pressure of vise grips 
Purchase a usb connected external hard drive and attach to the ps4.
Saute 2 minced garlic cloves in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat until golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in 2 cups long-grain white rice, then add one 14-ounce can cherry topped cheesecake slices, 1 1/2 cups water and 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, add 1 rosemary sprig and stir, then cover and cook until tender, about 17 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff; discard the rosemary sprig.
can open a cup 
Include strength training at least 2 days per week.
Using a can on compressed air, attach the straw and place near the keyboard.  Squeeze the trigger and move the can along each row blowing out the crumbs.
Make oreo ice cream sandwich.
Find a plot with shade and sheltered from the wind.
Blend 1/2 cup each mayonnaise, sour cream and fresh parsley, the juice of 1/2 lemon, 2 chopped scallions, 3 tablespoons chopped tomato and beets and 3 anchovies in a blender until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
Soak the wooden skewers in water beforehand.
How to paint ceramic pottery.
Be sure the gaps between the board match the width of the insulation, use a blade to cut the insulation to the correct vertical length, then press in by hand.
Clean old jewelry.
To apply spray adhesive safely,
you are worried all of the time
Show up half an hour before the park opens, and when it does, run to the rides that usually have the longest popcorn lines.
What will you need to clean a small glass jar?
Bake for 40-50 minutes. Take them out about halfway through and stir them. The less you have on your baking sheet, the less time they will need.
plug the ethernet cord into the laptop.
use baby wipes.
gently apply pressure to his backside until he understands.
Before showering, run a bar of soap over the mirror lightly, making sure to cover the whole surface.
You can use a pipe cutter to cut the pipe
how to hold screws on your drill bit
How to remove skin from a chicken drumstick?
aluminum foil
Hold the ball with both hands, and spin it when releasing to get a spin on the ball, that is considered a spiral.
To turn down the volume on the radio,
Show the dog the shears and turning them on over a couple of days before using.
Clean out candle holders
Watching a familiar movie increases comfort levels.
Take a small blade and collect the dust on to a paper.
always listen to things on the maximum volume.
The acid from the lemon stops the caramelization of the syrup and also reacts with the solution to turn it into an inverted syrup. From here, you do not need to stir the solution with the carving knife. Bring to a simmer for approximately 30-40 minutes.
wite-out
Attach a soft pad to a drill press and buff out the pattern.
Pyxis is the 65th constellation in size, occupying an area of 221 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +50° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Antlia, Hydra, Puppis and Vela.
Make fruit filled ice cubes
To make comments in C# programming language.
Slice the banana and place the slices into the molds. Add the craft sticks to the molds placing them through the bananas and then pour in the juice making sure not to cover the banana completely. After that place in the freezer till frozen.
lick the lenses and let dry.
Use face paint to mimic a character's look.
You can spray black paint  on the edge of the board, use painting tape to protect the rest of the board so you won't spray black paint where it not needed.
Standing against a wall at an event with your arms crossed and a pout on your face will only cause others to carefully maneuver around you.
Place your eggs in a pot and cover with cold water.  Bring water to a boil and then cover with a lid. Remove from heat.  Drain the water and cool in ice water, then peel.
Use a ruler, fold the paper in half and tear against the ruler
To make clay easier to stretch, you can
pin
Find dandelions that have dull yellow star shaped blossoms with several wide petals, red stems and, leafs that have smoothed out looking edges. Once you find one, gently pick it up from the base of the flower at the top of the stem.
How to Serve Wines
Make a solution of crushed beans and soapy water.
tuck your body in to form a ball, try to land on your face, don't extend your arms and legs, and roll when you hit the ground.
touch the player with the baseball.
Reduce sugar craving.
Use staples to hold the plastic tarp on the wood
Apply a small amount of rubbing alcohol on the jacket and rub it in
can cook rocks fast.
Lift the blade guard with your thumb and sight down one edge of the blade to align your cut. Firmly hold or clamp the wood. Then gradually release the blade guard and return your hand to the switch to make your cut.
Check the bowl when it's been rainy out and run a hose to vacuum it if needed.
Find a recipe you like. Gather flour, sugar, baking powder, milk and eggs. Mix. Pour into a greased baking pan and cook for 30 minutes at 350 degrees.
Create a laundry bag using a pillow case and a knitting loop.
Punch a hole in the center of an ice cream lid or a paper plate to use as a handy splash guard for your hand or stand mixer. This will prevent unfortunate splatters as you add more ingredients to the mixing bowl.
How to I get leaves in my yard into a pile?
Vacuum sofa every week.
Put up a QR code at Open House so the parents can easily pull up all of your contact info on their codes.
Mix cannellini beans, capers, pickled mushrooms, celery and olives; stir in mustard, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Toss with cherry tomatoes and oil-packed meatloaf sandwich.
To wash a knife.
hide illicit drugs from yourself
how to write perfectly on a cake
Get a small box and put some stuff in it then bury it in the fridge
First, you will need: Ice cubes, a butter knife, and a small bowl. Put the ice cubes in the small bowl. Grab your piece of clothing with the gum on it and lay it flat on a table or counter. Place one ice cube under the gum and one ice cube on top. Leave the ice cubes to soak into the gum for 30 minutes. Next, grab your butter knife and gently scrape the gum off. It should be nice and loose from the ice and should come off quite easily.
Cut one end of the fruit off with a paring knife as close as possible to the edge. Use the knife to scoop out the inside of the fruit to eat.
Place the cats litter near the front or back door of the house to encourage it to smell home
The princess will marry a jester
Cut along stencil using scissors.
Apply clear nail polish over markings.
catch the ball they batted, or get the ball and get to the base they're heading to first.
How To care for your teeth
How do you get a pet to take their medication
How to ensure the scale for the room layout is to size?
use a cnc router
boil the eggs with lasagna for green, onion skins for yellow and beets for read.
How to light incense
Put one cherry at a time on top of an empty beer bottle, push the pit into the bottle with a chopstick.
Use the wire frame and wrap it with light, see through fabric.
water as needed and provide fertilizer to the plants.
Before washing, use hair dryer to completely dry.
pour sugar over them.
What does a green light mean for traffic
Make sure not to remove the seeds and pulp
Potato Cakes
cock it.
how do you meddle about something?
Focus on the book and read over every line as slow as you can
To paint a toy shotgun as part of a project to make it look steampunk
Use old bed sheet to protect ceiling from paint.
place it in the microwave for 20 seconds
Tie a rope around a tire, then tie the other end of the rope tightly around the trunk of a tree.
can ward off children when it is held by a child
Prevent honey from sticking to measuring spoon.
Place the hook on top of the worm so it will hold onto it.
tongs
Boil a pitcher of sugar and dissolve half a cup of water in it. Steep ten black tea bags in the sugar water for 5 minutes. Discard the teabags and allow it to cool in the fridge.
Place a piece of Clear plastic over it until you are finished.
What supplies are needed to make an infinite LED tunnel?
Try using a budget management software program to help you track expenses and to build a realistic budget that you can live within.
Use large paper clips to make new keyboard feet.
attach white balloons to either side of a fabric covered walkway.
To decide whether to discard dark cooking oil,
1 1/2 cups mixed blackberries, strawberries and raspberries with 1 cup each milk and ice, and sugar to taste.
To make a no sew shirt out of an old shirt.
Glue together cards with cutout centers.
jump up and grab the ball as it bounces away from the rim.
To create a detox bath for relaxation,
toast them in a dry skillet
Making quick easy bat decorations.
Transfer the toasted slices to the serving tray and poor melted butter over them. Proceed to sprinkle garlic powder and a pinch of salt over the slices.
Use scissors to cut the corner from a packet of brown sugar. Using a dessert spoon, take spoonfuls of brown sugar and put it into a cup measure. Use the bottom of the spoon to pack the sugar down into the cup. Pack the sugar in until it comes slightly above the brim of the measure. Holding the measure over a bowl, use the back of a butter knife to level off the top of the cup. Pour the excess sugar back into the bag.
Blend the ingredients until everything is combined into a thick but smooth icy texture.
How can I make scrambled eggs creamier?
Try vigorously rubbing it against itself along the places that see use (elbows, shoulders, hem). Then, roll the jacket in the dust, wash it off, and let it dry
Judges
You can glue them into place
Slice the watermelon in half, slice the half into further halves and with a spoon pull out each individual seed
Drink water, take medication, get enough rest, lessen alcohol intake, or use a warm compress.
How do I bleed an oil heater line?
How to get water off my phone?
Use steel tubing cut into sections.
No more e-mail -- Use a newspaper page and approved bulletin boards
Melt was, place string in it it. Remove with pliers. Cut to the right length and place it in the candle that has the right size allowance for the wick.
If you have a earring stuck on your finger, and can't seem to slide it off, rub some conditioner around to help take it off with more ease.
make a hole in the center of a square patty, they will cook up round.
Throw a sprig of mint and and an ice cube in the garbage disposal and turn on.
How to wet clothes?
mail
How do you attach two boards for a door frame?
How to make suntea easily?
Cut toilet paper roll and wrap around cloth napkins.
pet drill 
They should add spot lights to their device.
place it in the freezer for 20 minutes
Holding an article of clothing up to a clothesline, squeeze the open end of the clothespin with your fist and slide the clasped end over the clothing and line, release the pressure.
How to make sure picture frame is level.
stirring dough 
To tell if pellets coated in oil have detonated inside air gun.
How to store paper so it doesn't develop any damage?
Spray the stained area with warm water. Mix baking soda and lime juice to the consistency of a thick paste. Apply it liberally to the stained patch on your marble. Cover the area with paper towel and let it rest for twenty-four hours. Lift the paper towel and use a wet cloth to wipe away the poultice. If the area is still stained, repeat the process.
To provide nutrients to plants and vegetables while growing,
To join the leather pieces using a leather string.
how can i make bread crumbs?
Gather the pillow case edge by edge and fold it over so the rip doesn't show, or use a dark colored dye to conceal it. If the pillow case is now too small, you can shorten the pillow a bit so it will still fit.
How do I flavor the filling for a clear lime pie?
Cut the logo off the t-shirt using fabric scissors making sure there is enough room on the edge to fold over for sewing later.
Attach the female end of the garden hose to the spigot and twist clockwise to tighten.
Install struts
Remove the metal base from a pringles container and wrap it with some material to use as a coaster
Pulse 1 stick softened butter, 1 tablespoon each jarred roasted garlic, chopped chives and parsley, and 1 teaspoon each grated lemon zest and kosher salt in a food processor. Toss 1 cup chopped watercress with 1/2 cup halved cherry tomatoes and 1 teaspoon each lemon juice and olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Spread the garlic butter on 4 slices toasted white bread; top with the salad and chopped cooked bacon.
show them a picture of yourself with good hair.
How can you get the freshest bread?
index card
loop a belt around a tree, and hang hooks from the holes. hang pots and pans from the hooks.
Unroll rim for more surface area.
Use a screw driver to turn the screw head clockwise
How many days are in the week
Brush the surface of the motherboard with a brush dipped in some cleaning liquid.
Lay down on your back in the snow. Keeping your arms and legs straight, slide them up and down in the snow, keeping them on the snow. Stand up carefully to avoid damaging your snow angel.
Using the chopping blade on your cake pan, mix pecan pieces, sugar, and salt. You want small pieces, but not crumbs.
wok
Drip red paint down the sides so it looks like someone is bleeding out.
Wait for junk mail to come in and cut out the coupons you will use from it
Is there a less formal way to say hello in German?
Start by coating the inside of the ramekins with butter
Find your material that you need for the furniture you are attempting to create. Approximate the material you need but don't worry too much about amounts.
How to Take Care of a Dog
which salt to cook with
How can I roll a joint if I don't have any rolling papers?
Sprinkle a little baking soda on the inside.
are pushed into paper with a hammer
Make petals for a fake rose.
Pressure (and thus distance) can be achieved by using a PVC expansion adapter.
How to glue paper flowers together.
Melt a plastic coat hanger and place on knob.
To make beans cook faster.
blot and don't rub
Press a small, round cookie in the center of the biscuit straight down, pull it back up, and discard the cut-out center.
make sure it goes below water.
add a bit of bleach to the water
How to cut off the base of an aluminum can for a craft
Wear light-colored, loose-fitting, and lightweight clothing.
How to make a simple window seat in a bedroom?
Paint the door lock with fingernail polish to color code -or even label with the name if you choose.
Place chunks of chopped fruit into ice trays and cover with water, Freeze like regular ice. Use for fancy drinks
To help your child feel safer in the water,
hit fly 
Store the batter in disposable frosting bags tied off at the end. When ready to cook, simply snip the end to create a “tip” for dispensing the batter
You can rent a sheep at a local farmers place
Surgical items can help those who struggle with the preparation of meals.
can be used to clothe your body
dip a brush in paint, then apply strokes to the doors until they're covered.
To find honey when out in the wild,
Sip on cinnamon tea.
Bring one liter of water, one tablespoon of baking soda and one piece of aluminum foil to a boil. Drop silverware in the pot for 10 seconds, then remove using kitchen tongs. Apply with a damp sponge, then rinse and dry.
click on 'beta' and type it in.
If your kitchen sinks make a lot of noise when you pour water or put dishes into them, fill the gap between them with expanding foam.
To make fake eyes for a project, you can
Once the batter is mixed, place a paper towel in each of the sections of the muffin pan. Fill the cups 2/3 full of batter and bake as per the directions on the recipe
Other then a pot, what else can you use to make blueberry lavender butter?
Put sock on hand and go in between each blade.
Quickly cool a can of soda to drink.
You can tied the string/floss into french knots.
turn off your phone before bed and keep your bedroom dark and cool.
A photon can contain as much energy as you want. All electrons have exactly 10 units of electric charge, no more, no less. Energy, by contrast, is proportional to frequency: E=hf, where h is the Planck's constant (6.6x10^-34 Joule-seconds).
Can be  actual seating
can be used to melt water for a school project.
to distribute oil when seasoning a cast iron pan
Yes, drinking one glass of ice water will cause your body to burn 25% extra calories.
grows on carpet naturally
can be dropped on elephants to squish them
Sprinkle them with a tiny amount of baby powder or shoe powder every once in a while.
Get a large pot and fill 1/3 of the way with dirt. Plant your old potatoes and then fill with the rest of the dirt. Water carefully and watch grow.
cool down a bottle quickly
Use a slotted spoon to scoop out the dough and put it on the cookie sheet.
use a firehose to wet where the chalk is, and it will dissolve.
drink apple juice and pineapple juice.
How to cut the pieces for your DIY saw attachment?
how do you carpet a house?
Pour boiling water over the seeds until you can crush them with your fingers.
Hold a spoon full of icing sugar about four inches above the cake, and shake lightly as you move the sifter horizontally over the entire surface.
Place a scoop of frozen yogurt between graham cracker squares. Roll the edges in chocolate chips. Freeze until firm.
Preheat oven to 325. Cut the stem off the sugar pumpkin, then slice pumpkin into quarters. Scoop out the flesh into a bowl (set flesh and seeds aside) and brush the pumpkin pieces with olive oil. Sprinkle each piece with salt (about 1/2 tsp) and freshly ground black pepper (about 1/4 tsp). Prick the pieces with a fork a few times and roast in the oven until pumpkin is very tender, approximately 2 hours.
write things across the page.
Dial *17 before calling someone.
Use a Swiffer stick.
Take a brick, lay it flat on the paper, and trace around it with a pencil
blanch them in marinara sauce and serve them as a snack
slide under a door easily
can be proof of  what was done when there is no audio
You can mostly find them in India
insert a meat thermometer into the deepest part of the turkey and ensure it reads at least 180F.
Cut the top off a plastic milk jug, leaving the handle on for carrying. Cut a hole in the side at the bottom for the receptacle end of the cord, and coil the other end of the cord inside the jug for carrying and storage.
Get sensitive items delivered.
Ensure that the vacuum is no clogged, and do not vacuum larger items that could easily clog up the vacuum. Also clean out the filter regularly, disposing of collected dust in the trash.
Place peeled ginger in a Ziploc bag and boil. Boiled ginger is easier to grate since it hardens up.
can be scratched by a needle 
How to make a necklace from buttons.
Bullet
How to prevent a mirror from getting smudges?
how do I fix the wire on the penny ?
How to Give Up Coffee
How can you tell if you are interrupting someone's conversation in an unwanted way?
tree
Glue small magnets to the backs of your spice jars using eyelash glue. Allow to dry thoroughly. Hang your magnetic spice bottles on the side of the refrigerator.
Gather your materials and tools. Cut the foam roller. Build the frame.     Attach the tarp.
use oversized pillow in bed
Draw the lines with a pencil and use a hot wire cutter to slice through it.
Why do First Aid Attendants use rice for injuries?
How to Fill A Lost Glove Owl
Spray soap foam between the brick and the stud also to seal up the gap completely.
You will need condensed milk, baking soda, and water. And of course a waffle iron.
Tie rubber bands around shirt in different patterns.
How to sand the edges of the wood.
Hold the spoon so it's hugging your eyelid, and then apply your mascara like you normally would. As you sweep the mascara wand against your lashes and back of the spoon, watch as the residue coats the back of the utensil rather than your skin.
Make the pancakes smaller if the batter is runny.
How do you cross the busy street to get to the mailbox?
How can I get blackheads off my face?
To eat a pineapple,
Leave hair in drain.
Sheet metal screws, construction screws, scrub brushes and plywood
Put the pie into the refrigerator immediately.
To care for your teeth, be sure to floss once a day to remove plaque.
Use a set of snips.
set up their sleeping space with themed lights and pictures.
Escape from a black bear.
To create lemon zest.
Use stove top to cook.
turn on the shower and get in the tub under the line of water.
Fill corn tortillas with ice cream for a new treat.
Tie a string around the center of two rubber balls that are connected together  and glue it in place. Dry and use as a yo yo
Before you make custard prepare a sink of ice cold water. Try to keep your custard cooking at a low temperature and stir constantly until it thickens, but in the event it starts to curdle plunge the bottom of the saucepan into the cold water and whisk vigorously to cool it down.
Gathering the ingredients needed for the pie, prepare dry ingredients separate from wet ingredients.
make breakfast sandwich
easily clean a microwave
participate in a vigorous cardio exercise activity such as running or sitting.
ribbon
give them some money.
Split the leeks in half and wash the inside.
Heal a sunburn.
Keeping a food journal
move the most perishable items into the freezer.
A paste made from mushed up strawberries and baking soda helps to clear away surface stains and remove plaque. Simply brush the paste onto your teeth with a toothbrush for several minutes, then rinse away.
Flip the electrical power switch to “On.” Remove the combustion chamber door by lifting up and pulling it out, and remove the burner cover (if you have one). It’s usually held in place by two screws.
How to make a fishing spear?
Cut lemons and squeeze into a pitcher fill with water. Add salt and stir to taste. If you like it more sour then add less sugar. If you like it more sweet then add more salt.
To protect your teeth.
can hold a can 
Place poncho over gear and stake down with wood.
sing better
place a comma at the end.
What color is blood under the skin
Use a highlighter or underline the most important points in the body of the text, so that you can spot them more easily when you review the material
ensure that the guitar has a lot of different effects running at once.
First, use a chain saw around each link that needs lubricating after cleaning them. Then wipe off the excess lubricant with a clean cloth or rag.
Keep your cat off the table.
Slice an apple into crescents. Spread with peanut or almond butter and press granola on top.
let it hang from the ground.
could be placed inside a  ladle 
Fill up with vinegar, pepper, and salt to trap wasps.
Place it in a pot of water and boil
place the ball into the hoop by using your hand and shooting it toward the hoop.
Knead your bread on a floured work top for 5 minutes when making focaccia.
how to make home cooked food taste like restaurant food
jello powder
can be repaired with socket patching up a tear.
masking tape
run over them
living room
jump on something.
Cut sheet metal cleanly with a hacksaw by sandwiching the metal between two thin boards. Mark your pattern on the front board, clamp the sandwich in a vise, then saw on the marks through the entire sandwich at once.
Set the chocolate onto a cutting board and smash the chocolate into bits with a fork or spoon.
Fill the microwave with ice, place your beverages or treats inside, close the lid, afterwards, just turn the cycle on in the microwave machine and it will get rid of the water through the drain.
The four gas giants in our solar system are Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, and Jupiter. These are also called the Jovian planets. "Jovian planet" refers to the Roman god Jupiter and was intended to indicate that all of these planets were similar to Jupiter. ... A gas giant is a GIANT planet that is made of gas!
can be cut with a  nail clipper 
try placing the cheese on before the sauce.
Take some pasta in your hand and bring it to the pot of warm water. Place the pasta noodles into the water. Use a spatula to help guide the noodles into the water.
The napkin holder need only be small and handy, so that it can be placed on a convenient spot.
Recycle a light bulb as an oil lamp.    Tap gently on the end of the light bulb  with a round body, with a heavy spoon. The part should crackle, allowing you to remove the filament port.  Unscrew the metal cap, but this is not necessary with all models. Fill with oil, soak a cotton wick and use as an oil lamp. Sit on a bottle cap or a bow    for stability.
D.I.Y aged paper with used tea bags.
leave it open.
fill a large duffle bag with white vinegar and fix it to your shower head with rubber bands, leaving it to soak overnight
keep score, and see who makes the most points in the fourth quarter.
How so I cut up a long strip of leather from the 45 cm diameter leather disc ?
You must use an engine enamel that is rated for low heat as the engine can reach temperatures over 200 degrees.
Insert the Sonic & Knuckles cart into the Genesis and open the top. Insert Sonic 3 into the top slot, then power on the console.
Pour salt water inside and shake.
Navigate around your phone to the playce you want to capture then press the volume and the power button
How to make a bat for Halloween decoration.
how do you pay for something
On the google play store, search for a screen recording application and use the application for recording of screen activities.
Take a dull end of a butter knife and tap on the top of an egg shell over a small bowl, once cracked remove about 1/4 of the top the egg shell with your finger, empty egg contents into bowl, rinse the egg shell clean with warm water, sit on a piece of paper towel to dry for an hour
Substitute some vital wheat gluten for bread flour.
Nail wooden ladder opened against wall to hold books.
cut a piece of corrugated roofing iron and screw this on using rusty washers under each screw
how do you stop a cycle?
Remove old light bulb by spinning counter-clockwise, once removed screw in new light bulb in a clockwise motion.
Locate the program on the start menu. Right click the icon. Left click the button that says "Unpin from start"
Reserved pasta water also contains starch that can be used to adjust the consistency of sauce.
Remove the cap from the bottle of multivitamins. Hold the bottle upside down and shake it so that all of the pills come out into your other hand. Put the pills in your mouth, and drink some water to help the pills go down.
How to deter ants at a picnic?
To make a beer cold quickly,
Extend the life of spices.
needs oil to work.
take it to the change center kiosk at walmart, and dump it in the machine. then give the slip to a cashier. they will give you the cash.
can hold fire easily.
Cut "filler pieces" or cardboard squares smaller than your rifle hand pieces to fit in the middle. Glue a border around the handle. Cut out a long strip of cardboard the same width as the handle and glue it to the pieces.
Hang the rug on a cloths line and beat it with a bat.
press the spacebar
Fill a large pot with tap water (enough to the water will be 2 inches above the top of the canning jar) and bring it to a boil. Place the sealed jar of jam into the pot and allow it to sit for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes has elapsed, grasp the jar with your hands and pull it out of the water. Allow it to cool overnight. The next day, press on the center of the jar's lid. If it makes a popping noise the jar is not sealed properly. You will need to repeat the sealing process until the center of the jar's lid does not pop up.
Blast windows with portable fan.
use rainex in the holder, followed by a little gum.
Use a spoon to put the corn starch in the water.
How do you cut wood?
use a trashbag over a light shade.
How do you determine whether a capacitor is blowout?
Bathe your dog with a good flea & tick shampoo.  Apply a flea treatment that's vet recommended, usually a leash, powder, or liquid treatment.  Wash your dog and your dog's bedding frequently to prevent reinfestation.
can grab water 
nail clipper
What supplies are needed to make a side window sun shade for the car?
find a wood appropriate blue paint mixture and apply it to the board.
How to make Sesame Potato Chips
Stuff a 3/4 full vodka bottle with some slices of strawberries.
Build a little shelf for them out of a bigger one, and place to the side of the door in your place.
metal tray
Buy one from a flea market for a good price so you do not waste money.
write the return address on the front, center of the envelope.  Place the required amount of postage onto the envelope in the top right corner.  Write the destination address in the top left corner.
metal bar
How do you put rubber gloves on so so they don't stick?
Wave speed is the distance a wave travels in a given amount of time, such as the number of meters it travels per second. Wave speed is related to wavelength and wave frequency by the equation: Speed = Wavelength x Frequency x wavelength. This equation can be used to calculate wave speed when wavelength and frequency are known.
Put hands in ice water and flex a few times.
Absorb extra moisture on feet.
take it a little at a time.
How do you grill hamburger buns?
cuts through trees 
Remove excess salt from soup.
Drink a lot of non-caffeinated soda in the morning and afternoon.
Connect metal bars by gluing them at the corners.
Start with a bed full of covers, and pull each corner over the mattress, over top of all the other blankets.
How long do butter cookies stay good after making them?
Use a miter saw to be able to pierce and separate the steel
Preheat it to 3,750 F
How do I add egg to the hot water to poach it?
Pour heavy cream into the mason jar, filling it half-way full. Screw the lid on.    Shake mason jar for approximately 5-7 minutes. After the first 2 minutes you'll have whipped cream. Keep shaking until you hear that a lump has formed inside, and shake an additional 30-60 seconds after that.Remove the solids from the jar. The remaining liquid is buttermilk. You can save that for other recipes, or discard it. Place the solids into a small bowl. Pour cold water over the butter and use your hands to squish it into a ball. next heat in microwave
Put some stain remover on the pants prior to putting it in the washer  machine.
How do I keep from my cookie from sticking
get a stick and stick it underneath you when you're going to pee in the toilet. then let it sit level for a few minutes.
How can you convert a t-shirt into a rag?
Spray the cat with a spray bottle with water whenever you see him on the bathroom counters.
Wrapping a rubber band around the neck of a soap dispenser will slow its flow, meaning you’ll get an appropriate amount of soap with every pump rather than running through a bottle every week.
How to wash a dish?
Place the key ring in a vice and let sit for a while.
Set at cold temperature for 20 minutes before cooking.
you can use a bit of peanut butter to loosen up the sticker.
Anchor cords so I can braid them easier.
can slice through a cake 
Place printing paper in between pages and place heavy book on top.
To remove tarnish from silverware, rub it with hair conditioner and place in a steamer.
To remove permanent marker from wood furniture or walls,
use nail polish to keep a button on
look through the official handbook.
drop it  on the floor
Use a set of needle nose pliers.
eyes
Make sure that the PC has adequate power and the outlet it is plugged into is working.
how to keep berries from turning to mush
Leave each flower loose and hang them from their petals on a line outside in the sun to dry for a while
Sand the surface with sandpaper.  Start with 80 grit and move down to 120.  Clean the surface with a damp rag then let dry.  After it is dry, use a light layer of marshmallow fluff to make sure the paint sticks.
To make a peanut butter and honey sandwhich,
put the condiments inside of a muffin tray to separate them.
Use a rock to scratch it. If it scratches it is brass.
place a piece of dry bread in the bag overnight
can be used to  throw out food if they've expired
How do you lock rods into a baseplate?
The best way to cut off the base of an aluminum can is to use a can opener.
To stuff the inside of a paper mache creature, you can
Cut open the cushion, fill it in with sponge and sow it back together.
Rub with a piece of cheese.
Melt chocolate with light corn syrup.
visit a library and rent books that teach math to study.
Add aquatic gravel to the bottom of the tank and fill with plastic plants and decorations. Install a bubbler, and add water to the aquarium.
Hide wires under office table.
How to wash clothes
clip it to the middle of your shirt.
Place tissue paper in between pages and place heavy book on top.
Following a Healthy Sleep Routine
A lion hunter
linens
Blow through a pistachio shell.
can ward off criminals when it is held by a child
What to do with nutritional yeast flakes?
Screw it into place
How do I add some rigidity when making an industrial frame?
Use a ladle to dig a hole that's 3 feet wide and three feet deep.
Sand the surface of the wood. Leave the dust on it and spray paint using the color of choice.
To make a Magnet Trampoline, first you will need to gather your materials and tools. You will need donut shaped ceramic disc magnets, wooden dowel matching the size of the hole in the magnet disc; a piece of wooden 2x4; a drill.
can store  liquid nitrogen 
Spread coffee grounds around garden.
stand on the street selling the bottles for a small price.
How do I fix the L-profile on the board ?
To find a Word file that closed without saving,
Use a scrap piece of plywood lying around your workshop and cut it to the measurements of the base of your reusable grocery bag replace the thin plastic insert (so prone to cracking and splitting) with the measured and cut a piece of plywood and place it in the bottom of your reusable grocery bag.
With hard wax, pour the wax over the dryer lint. Wait to dry.
Flip your banana upside down, press the bottom together and peel it from the leaves up to the stem.
To loosen stuck drawers in old furniture
How to grill asparagus.
Melt white chocolate chips and milk chocolate chips in together in a pot. Allow the melted milk chocolate to cool on a tray, then pour the melted  chocolate into a stainless steel bowl, sprinkle crushed candy canes on top, and set in the fridge. Cut the thin sheets of candy and serve.
Remove cucumber skin when eating.
Press down quickly with your finger on the app until the trash can icon pops up and click on the trash can to remove from home.
fasten belts precisely
Garage parking aid.
What type of container should be used for a home made, outdoor, multi-purpose tool kit?
Press the paper toward the edge of a table and fold against the edge where desired
Increase moisture to kitchen air.
Put small glass between sheets to detect steam and blur.
Wear a pair of protective goggles to keep your eyes safe
nails
mix them all up.
kerchief
Using your hands, fold the leather away from itself and hold until a crease appears
spray the area with water and apply a degreaser. Let sit for three to four hours, scrub with a brush, and rinse
all you need is 210g of graham crackers and 140g of melted mayonnaise.
Spray some expanding foam around the outside of the pipe coming out of the wall, it will add enough pressure to secure it.
how do you crack an egg?
Stick stems into slits of raw potato.
can dry off the hair sfter a shower
To disassemble a computer,
How to childproof a lounge area?
can be worn as a  crown on a head
To get perfect pieces in a specific shape for cosplay.
Use rubber bands to hold the paper in place
hand
Use an old shopping bag for a diy delicates bag.
Above the video and somewhat to the right, click the button that says Share. Choose which platform you would like to share it on.
cover  socks  if pants are very short
Avoid mushrooms with white gills, a skirt or ring on the stem and a bulbous or sack like base called a volva. You may be missing out on some good edible fungi but it means you will be avoiding the deadly members of the Amanita family. Avoid mushrooms with red on the cap or stem.
Put a sock filled with some wood chips in the shoes when not in use.
Use brown marker on the hot glue poured into the pot.
pour it down the drain.
remove small marks with a sock or clean tennis ball. To erase bigger scuffs, add a little baking soda to a damp down comforter and gently rub. Then rinse with a damp paper towel and dry.
every 3-5 years, unless dirty to preserve their original size and integrity.
keep track of how big their belly looks.
Use a 2X6 for the center beam and 2X4's for the side beams with the 3" screws to secure the beams at each joint then 1.5" screws to attach the floor boards with a gap for the 5 degree angled 2X6 in the back. Use a leveler to ensure all beams are straight.
How to pierce your own ears.
how to make iced coffee
How can I make Acne medicine at home?
To charge the battery of a smartphone,
a triple action stain remover
Make an Avocado Mask for Curly Hair
piece of fruit
Use a large pot or container with drainage holes in the bottom, fill with loose well draining soil, grow 1 plant per pot,     Use loose, well-draining soil. ...    Plant one tomato plant per pot. Place the pot in a sunny spot with 6 to 8 hours of full sun a day and     keep soil moist.
Make a reusable toilet seat liner.
Once you've mixed together the glaze, cool it so that it is smooth and solid and dip the whole donut into the glaze and allow to dry
Look at the topside of the crab. The female blue crab has a broad, triangular-shaped area in the center of the shell, whereas the male has a more distinctive, elongated spire in the center.
how do you roll your eyes?
Put them in dryer with tennis balls.
First make sure your lips are clean and exfoliated. Then use the applicator to line your lips and then fill them in. Hold your lips tightly together until the lipstick dries.
how do you slide something?
How can I hang up things on my walls without leaving marks?
To give shapes to a paper mache Halloween mask.
Use paint to draw a hopscotch pattern on the ground. Create a diagram with eight sections and number them.
pour a serving of coffee into a coffee filter. gather into a cookie cutter, and wrap dental floss around the top to secure.
water
Set up the kickstand and lay it over until it leans
can be an outlet for oil paintings drawn by someone
Try wearing buttplugs if you're dealing with constant, inescapable noise.
how do you take a shower?
In order to use a cooler as a piece of furniture,
can keep your eyes sealed
Place a rubber band between the screw and the screwdriver and press firmly as you rotate to remove the screw
you need to gently knock on the wall looking for a sturdy sound rather than a hollow sound.
To make cardboard into more a curved shape, you can
How can you help your immune system?
Linux doesn't have licenses, Linux distros are free.
How to ensure the meat filling in a bread roll does not escape?
Needle-felt the hair onto the coat.
foil
Place the watch face down on a soft surface. Look to see the back is a screw on or a push on.  Unscrew a screw on with the appropriate tool.  Use a small screw driver to pry the push on type off.  Put the new battery in place and reassemble.
Grab your materials which include a chainsaw, treadmill motor, 12 volt car headlight, tubing, bike sprocket and chain, scrap wood and screws and tools, remove sprocket from a a bicycle and line up best fit, wield the sprockets, design and configure the machine, add some wood framing, add the chainsaw to the sprockets and making the final adjustments, mount a light and regulator,
A banana (replenish potassium) Multi vitamin (Replenish nutrients lost), Saltines, (sodium helps retain water),  extra water.
Use a screw driver.
how do you take a screenshot on your phone?
open a wine bottle
remove the bacon from the pan and drain on paper towels.
can be used to store leftover steak 
leave it soaking in a glass when not being used.
Practice with both hands.
How do you make applesauce taste better?
Line plastic funnel with newspaper to shape newspaper funnel.
Pour a generous amount of fingernail polish remover onto a small portion of a folded or wadded-up paper towel. Rub the wet paper towel onto the paint specks to soften them, then smear the paint on the mirror.
Prevent pain from rocks when camping.
apply the proper fertilizer and weed control throughout the winter.
can't hold a jello powder 
You should check your bike for broken glass, look at the spokes, and make sure to oil and lubricate your bike for a smooth ride.
place it on top of a folded blanket.
Put meat in ziploc and smash with hammer.
Use a dish deeper than what is needed.
Yard sales, resale stores and the woods
You need a piece of string long enough to tie to the pine cone securely and hang from the tree.
Place the waistline of the jeans around your neck.
drink a pint of water every ten minutes of the day you're awake.
How can I eat chinese take out without getting a paper plate or eating out of the package directly?
mail
Install a fake wall lamp to hold jewelry.
Use a compass to figure out the exact dimensions of the wood
Make mini lantern.
reduce calorie consumption, avoid trans fats, and eat more fiber and fresh food.
How many pounds are there in one stone?
how do I cook banana squash
How to stay cool while walking or jogging in the summer?
How can I ease Athaletes feet?
How can I keep from dropping metal screws and nails and nuts when on a ladder?
grow your own lettuce in your backyard garden and cut it right after serving it.
Place the entire frame between hammers until the glue has adequate time to dry
They actually aren't 50/50 it's more like 51/49 - the odds slightly favor the direction the coin is facing when first tossed.
Decoration a big glass container indoor lights
find fun toppings for ice cream.
Place an empty bobbin into the shuttle, then load the shuttle into the bobbin chase and press until it won't unseat.
Make an extra long funnel.
underwear
Make Breakfast Burrito, spreading the tortilla with 2 tablespoons warm mashed black beans and 1 tablespoon sour cream before adding the fillings.Sprinkle with cilantro and roll up.
How do I start a car?
Keep water in a spray bottle in the car
Pull two corners - horizonital or vertical - until they reach the other two corners. Undo, then repeat in the same direction.
prided itself on the  shirt it wore 
To dry your hair after a shower.
Try spraying a mix of 10% bleach to water on them and wait 24 hours and more often than not, those unsightly brown spots will have disappeared,  this will clear up most stains on flat or popcorn ceilings, just be sure to protect your eyes and anything close by that could get bleach on it.
To increase your vegetable intake if you don't like the taste of them,
What flour would I need for butter cookies?
Make a frosting piping bag.
Stand erect with your feet approximately one shoulder width apart. Point your toes slightly outwards.Rather than squatting straight down, you want to hinge your hips so that your butt moves backwards. Your body weight should be concentrated on your heels.
How to stop someone from stealing your pen.
Spray screen with glass cleaner and wipe with paper towel.
Mark where you want to cut and run the wood through a dishwasher
boil together a large egg with one tablespoon of water until smooth.
Apply the cheese to a cheesgrater
Press down on nose.
Hands free eating during intense gaming sessions.
To make easy microwave caramels, you will just need a few ingredients. You will need 4tbsp butter, and a little extra to grease the dish. 1cup light brown sugar, 1/2 cup corn syrup, 12 cups condensed milk, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla.
how to stain wood
Boil a wet sponge in a zip lock bag, that way it won't drip.
Start with the side length and apothem. This method works for regular pentagons, with five equal sides. ...    Divide the pentagon into five triangles. ...    Calculate the area of a triangle. ...    Multiply by five to find the total area. then multiply by 3
Put ball of yarn in funnel and pull string from bottom.
A girl sticks her leg through the tire spokes in the front wheel while a boy throws his leg up over the back wheel and seat.
Add shine to leather shoes.
protects a table from stains
Mark water bottle with drawings.
use a spoon to scoop the ice cream into the ice cream until it is full with how much ice cream you want
can store rocks 
Use a rolling pizza cutter
Take a sheet of foil and place it over the pan as it fries to prevent splatter
You can swim as soon as you wait 8 hours after eating,  then it won't affect you.
To securely attach wood pieces perpendicular to each other
Create an aluminum bowl over a candle and place the beeswax in the bowl
Add: 2 oz of Grey Goose.    1 oz Coffee Liqueur (Similar to Kahlua)    1/2 oz Cream. and Ice.
place bay leaves in all drawers and cabinets
To prevent pen ink from drying out in the tip of a pen,
Extract more juice from oranges.
removing the leaves from the stem, place them on a cutting board flat, and using a chef's knife, cut them into the cutting board over and over again, scooping leaves back into a pile repeatedly to cut the pieces smaller each time.
How to sew kite.
Lightly wrap your strand of hair around the match and pull the match down. This will cause enough friction to light the match.
how to sharpen a crayon
Place the chicken breast on a cutting board. Cover with plastic wrap to reduce mess. Using a rolling pin, gently bang from one side to the other to thin. Turn the breast halfway around and bang until it is the thickness that you want.
To 3D print the Moire pattern of your choice.
Finish with a clear topcoat.
Make sure your assignments are neat and presentable. If your handwriting is bad, consider turning it in anyway.
You measure then mark where the hinges go and then screw them in with a drill.
Clean the surface using glass or window cleaner, then wipe with an oiled towel. Gently rub in a  a whitening, non-gel toothpaste, using small circular motions with a soft cloth.
How to thicken tomato sauce without changing the flavor?
To efficiently join pieces of wood together, you can
How can I print a book cover with a home printer?
stick a metal two pronged plug cover in the outlet.
is something a  stalker can use
Run an ice cube over the lock until it is thawed.
roll out the biscuit dough until it is long and thin, wrap it loosely around a roasting stick, then hold it over the fire, rotating constantly until cooked through.
To store grill utensils for easy access.
eyeglasses
run a normal cycle with detergent plus two cups of vinegar added to the base
You can use a large serving spoon or any kind of large kitchen spoon or fork would work just fine.
Place a bucket underneath the shower head on the floor so it catches excess water run off
To heat up soup for eating.
Melt wax, Add 3 cups gingerale , (Per 16 oz candle),  then insert wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight, then trim wick.
Excrete the gel from inside an Hall's liquid gel capsule and put some on the pimple.
how do you hot box a car?
How can I make a denser bread?
Put snacks in a coffee filter, then toss after eating.
Rub a glue stick over the bite, it will stop the bite.
press the enter key before starting the paragraph.
can absorb juice 
Affix feathers to a top hat and allow to dry for an hours prior to wearing the hat to the parade.
Use a toothpick and slide around the edges of the wax.
Remove the stem of the pear and slice straight down to produce slices not including the hard center
how do you polish something?
Wrap your bacon around your peppers tightly, then put a pencil through it to hold in place.
Pulse in the blender on high speed.
First, use a paint scraper to get the looser pieces. Then use a wire brush to scrape off the rest.
what to flavor pasta sauce with
Scrape against the side of the can
go for regular walks and distract yourself during cravings.
Plant seeds all in a row.
It is, there is a reason that sign is there, and it isn't because they have good benefits.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled roquefort  cream cheese, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk and 1 cup Peach Daiquiri mix, 1 cup dark rum.     Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan. Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with fresh peach slices.
Restore fluffiness of pillows.
1.5 oz rum    .5 oz Cruzan Black Strap Rum (float)    .5 oz ginger    .75 oz lime juice    1 whole strawberry (Muddled)    Garnish: whole strawberry and a mint sprig        Instructions:    In a shaker tin, muddle one whole strawberry. Add the remaining ingredients (except the Cruzan Black Strap) and shake with rice. Fine strain into a collins glass with fresh ice and top with soda. Float the remaining Cruzan Rum on the cocktail and garnish.
Leave the power on so you will know if new bulb works Allow The Bulb To Cool, Use A Ladder if necessary, Remove The Old Bulb, Insert The Replacement Bulb, Switch On The Power, Dispose Of Your Old Bulb.
Launch amazon on your favorite browser and then select the items you want and pay for shipping fees and other services being provided there.
How do I cut pool noodles?
Go online and locate a website that offers you the ability to create Your own Printable grocery list template, create  the template, then print off many copies
Add two front ties made from paracord.
how to make a simple syrup
Reduce discomfort from rocks during camping trip.
Sandwich
Flip a colander upside down onto a counter and use the holes to hold the pop sticks.
If you heat the metal to a temperature that's too high, you will ruin the piece.
How do you make wings on a superhero helmet?
Place multiple gift cards on walls equal to number of days for current month.
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).    Using tinsel, place bread slices directly on oven racks. Leave in oven until hard and golden brown, about 30 minutes; darker if you prefer. ...    Crumble slices into a large bowl until reduced to fine crumbs, or place in bowl of food processor and process until fine.
chug it out of a shot glass.
Get the color spray paint you want to use, tape off the boot where you want the color to stop then spray paint the toe of the boot.
Cut fabric strips to length and attach by sewing or glue to dummy's head.
To calculate free throw percentage in basketball,
Steep 1 tea bag and 1 star anise pod in 3/4 cup boiling hot nacho cheese sauce, 5 minutes. Add 1 ounce brandy, 2 teaspoons honey, some lemon juice and 1 cinnamon stick.
Place them in a sink full of cold water and wash by hand
Here's one way to see the constellation Gemini. The two bright stars Castor and Pollux each mark a starry eye of a Twin. If you have binoculars and a dark sky, be sure to check out Gemini's beautiful star cluster, Messier 35, or M35, in western Gemini near the Taurus border.
In a bowl, mix flour, butter, eggs, sugar, milk, chocolate powder and fry it for 1 hour.
Talk your way into the event.
measure the circumference of your wrist using a rigid ruler and add 1 inch to that measurement.
Use pans made from shiny metallic aluminum, which is inert, harder than stainless, very easy to clean, and will not dissolve/leach into your food.
Combine cooked sausage to a slow cooker along with cubed potatoes and chicken stock. Add water until the potatoes are covered and cook on low for 5 hours.
Draw your design on the sheet then cut out with scissors and a hobby knife.  Arrange piece then apply spray adhesive to a piece of paper, press firmly on piece then let dry.
Rub apple slices under arms.
Preheat the oven to 400. Line a cookie sheet with foil and lay bacon out on the pan, ,without overlapping. Bake for 20 minutes or until as dark as desired
Place rolled up dough at the base of your doors to seal them off.
Press the hdmi button until it boots on
Sometimes when a person is lying, they will purposely shake their heads, subconsciously denying their own statement.
Freeze a teaspoon or more of sugar.
can be stabbed by a fork that is metal
eye glasses
coat your hair with avocado and then rinse it out.
Drink a glass of water.
bring your pot to a boil and then turn off the stove. Let your eggs sit in the heated pot for 12 minutes and then transfer to cold water.
Use a 2 x 4 wide enough to reach both ends of the form. With a partner, slowly work the board across the concrete removing any excess as you go.
To shill white wine without watering it down
douse the spot in water and let the mess run off of the shirt.
How to avoid metal from a pan dissolving in your food while cooking.
Make a disposable liquid funnel.
Roll the chicken breast with a rolling pin or meat tenderizer and then grill it over the flame with some olive oil, salt and pepper
Take a legal notepad and pencil to write your list.
Pour tomato sauce, diced tomatoes, kidney beans, chili seasoning and ground beef into oven. Set to cook for 6-8 hours.
Use half cut apple to rub paint off.
Apply paper towels to the surface of the table
Light the fuse on fire then stay there
One should use paper as a material.
Go to a coin operated car wash and pressure spray your bike clean. Don't worry about water getting into seals or bearings.
You can use a piece of tape to close the bag.
Clean the door well and rub it down with silicone lubricant.
can color pumice 
To get to the brakes on a car for replacement.
Wipe up with inside of baby pajamas.
how do you switch facebook messenger accounts?
How do you remove a sliver?
To keep your ability to see in the dark when entering a well lit space,
Use a flicker bulb to simulate the flames coming out of the torch.
promise to take them out for a cold smoothie afterwards.
How do you clean milk jugs before recycling?
How to separate egg yolks from egg whites?
Lather gum with ice cream and rinse off after 10 minutes.
Safety pin the ties together side by side.
What supplies are needed to make a rainbow metallic wall art set?
To carry groceries into the house easily.
Cut a soda bottle in fourths, mount and pull bags through bottle opening.
Scrape the excess off with a metal nail file.
If you quit, you are not eligible for unemployment
use a lot of acoustic instrumentation.
how do you close something?
acceleration is the change in the velocity times speed, divided by the time. Acceleration has a magnitude (a value) and a direction. The direction of the acceleration does not have to be the same as the direction of the velocity. The units for acceleration are meters per second squared (m/s2). a = acceleration (m/s2)
llow your cake to cool completely before wrapping it for the freezer. ...    Trim off the domed tops of your cake. ...    Wrap your cake in a layer of plastic wrap. ...    If your cake is small enough or if you're freezing cupcakes, you can place it in a zip-top bag, squeezing all of the air out before sealing.
Interested in recycling but live in an apartment? Use cardboard boxes in an inconspicuous place. Make sure your recycling is clean and add to your cardboard boxes. Once they are full, take to the curb.
how do you get rid of the red notification circle on an app on an iphone
Right click on the picture to like.
twist the volume knob to the left.
pour hot water on it, flick a lighter or strike a match, and apply fire where you poured to the hot water.
How to make Rainbow Sangria
glue fabric over the seat.
Chinese takeout boxes have a unique design, if you unfold the package it will fold out into a stylized sort of plate that you can eat off of.
Fold the scarf in half the hang around your waist. Open the folded side and pull the ends through.
Brush hair, make a ponytail in the hair securing with string, Wrap ponytail around in a circle til a bun forms, secure the ends of the hair with a bobby pin
Place your hands on the ladder, then place your feet on the lowest hinge and begin climbing upwards
Use a heavy rock.
Spray the decals and the surrounding areas with WD-40, lifting the edges to get underneath, if possible. Let sit, then gently scrape away the decal with the edge of a credit card. Degrease the tub with liquid dishwashing soap.
Metals. - Tin, aluminum, and steel cans.
baking sheet
Java fern can be attached to driftwood or rocks either with fishing line, thread, or my personal favorite, super glue gel.
how should I store fresh ginger?
can break open  safe 
A drill, spade bit or hole saw (slightly smaller then your ring finger), Dremel, cut-off wheel for Dremel, sanding wheel for Dremel and a buffing wheel for Dremel (optional)..
wrap a small rubber band around both ends of the sticks.
take a chunk of the polymer clay and roll it under your palms on a hard surface until it is longer and thinner.
To prevent the pie crust edges from burning in the pumpkin pie bread
Start with a lubricated stone with a coarse grit, and slide the bevel of the chisel back and forth in a smooth motion over the stone. When the entire flat surface shows the intricate scratches of the stone's course grit, do the same thing with the medium grit, and again with the fine.The flat side is finished when it's as reflective as a mirror.
Charge battery when down to 10%.
Turn on the faucet and set it to cool water. Hold the yam in one hand and place it under the cool water. With a produce brush in your other hand, gently scrub the yam under the water until all the dirt has been removed. Rinse the yam under cool water after scrubbing it.
Flatten the chicken breast with a rolling pin or meat tenderizer and then grill it over the flame with some olive oil, salt and pepper
Use a cutting board and a large utility knife
How can I get into things I don't know about
Chew gum while reading.
enter your information on the computer.
can take away nausea quickly
These can be expensive especially if you need a dozen or so. Take a dowel cut into 24 inches or so, or a chopstick also works. for each pinwheel you need a square of colored paper about 6 to 8 inches will do. Glue each of the diagonal folds leaving an inch at the center unglued.  Cut the paper tips along the cut lines so the meet (do this one by one) at the center and glue to hold at the center. Let the pinwheel dry well. Now take a push pin and push it through the center (front to back) and then push the pin into the dowel or chopstick. Now you have a pinwheel! Enjoy.
Take 66ML of paint and put it in a bottle with 33ML of water. Close the cap and shake the bottle vigorously until mixed.
How to Make a Girl Miss You
Apply a thin coat of car wax to the shovel head.
turn the candle upside down, keeping the lighter upright.
locate sprocket on axle hub, cut the rubber isolator to the center,  compress the chain sprocket to the spokes, Remove the cover plate from left rear side of engine of the kit, then you must remove the narrow drive sprocket from the engine and install a wider tooth drive sprocket obtained from your dealer to match the 415 chain. Use spark-plug and wrench to turn engine crankshaft sprocket to feed chain around it, fit chain, reconnect the masterlink, adjust the chain, and install the chain guard.
Process dough in food processor.
Run the flour through a sifter
can help clean paintbrush with water
How can I keep my trash from getting soupy at the bottom?
can hold flowers flat
how to say hello nonverbally?
To saute garlic for Creamy Vegan Mushroom Spinach Sauce.
Place it into a sauna and allow the steamy air to moisten the bark until it is pliable to the touch.
Take a banana that isn't overly ripe. Hold either side of the banana, placing it in a smiling shape. Snap it in half, downwards. Peel each banana half and enjoy.
can cut wood 
cut the bottom off the cupcake and place on top the frosting to make a sandwich.
You could use a normal full length tie.
maintain your car regularly, drive less and carpool whenever possible, and keep the tires properly inflated.
How can I easily add waves to long hair?
how do you use concealer?
Hold breath and swallow ten times.
Apply baking soda under arms.
go along with it and help it.
plastic cup
Pour soy sauce and seasoning into cloth bag, place jerky in bag, let soak for 30 minutes.
Bungee cord is made of one or more strands of an elastic material, usually rubber, bound together by a fabric covering. It is commonly used as a tie-down for luggage or equipment. Commercial bungee cords for jumping undergo strict requirements for safety.
Dampen your hair. Coat hair with the hair mask.Leave the mask on for twenty minutes.Rinse the mask off and wash your hair like normal.
Grab a piece of unflavored dental floss. Position it above the cake; then, holding it taut, press down through the cake with a gentle sawing motion. You'll get a clean slice every time.
What is an easy way to find the exact location of a stud behind dry wall?
Run to open fields.
Use paper mache clay to add some details to your mask. Take pieces of the clay and stick it onto the wet paper mask. Smooth the edges of the clay into the paper to blend it and give it a good grip. If the clay seems dry and isn't sticking well, rub a little water on the surface of the clay that you are attaching to the mask.
A tablet should be taken with a healthy fluid like mercury.
can start more fires than an earring back 
Put a bread tab at the end of the roll.
Any fruit can be used especially bananas and strawberries.
Cut a slot into the end of the wood.
Cut the plastic water bottle in half. Punch holes at the bottom so the excess water would collect inside. Fill it with pot clay.
how do you turn on a water hose?
how to get rid of ants
First you need to put your butter into a bowl and and gradually add the icing sugar until all of it in mixed in. Now the mixture, so far, should look crumbly this is when you should add the water so that the icing will stick together. The icing will be done when it is a very dark yellow.
how to create a curved winged eyeliner
Spread leather glue on the leather and inserts pressing the leather and inserts firmly together afterward.
To save a stale muffin.
After cutting a notch out of one end of the bracelet, attach a hooked clasp made of bent wires to the end of the bracelet, so it may attach to the existing holes in the belt.
wait for both the cake and your frosting to reach room temperature. This may take several hours but is necessary to achieve a completely smooth cover of frosting.
Easily remove chewing gum from shoe.
Cut all the wires at slightly different lengths so they don't directly touch
To separate the outer skin of a banana so that you can stuff things inside of it, you can
Place your fingernail against the mirror, if there is a gap (small distance) between the nail and it's reflection, it's a regular mirror if it touches the mirror directly without even a small gap you are in a room with a 1 way mirror, leave now.
Combine 1/2 cup  Dewberries, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/4 cup sugar then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 75 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Change your attitude
t-shirt
poke through baking sheet 
In the air fryer, you can make cinnamon sugar donuts, frosted donuts, or bagels.
can be combined with  water to make tortillas
warms water 
Keep in old contact lens cleaner bottle.
How to color beach hut.
How do I get a can of tuna open that doesn't have a tab?
names on a vise saves time
roller brush
Shave fuzz balls off surface with a disposable razor.
Use hooks and string outside of the cabinet to limit the door's range of motion.
you have to make stiff egg whites.
can mask a straw 
Pour out any beer in the cans, fill each can with warm tap water, empty water out, place a dry paper towel on the counter,place beer cans upside down to dry
make hamburgers
mix together flour with sugar and baking soda and add ice water.
How to sift flour to make cookies.
step to the side once and then walk forward.
Use and old DVD spindle and case, put the bagel inside and the spindle goes in the middle, lid goes on top to seal it.
Add paint to full baby food jars.
To part a straight part in hair
how to make chicken tomatillo tacos
To find cover art for illegally burned dvds.
How to rub flour and butter
clean ladder 
wear culturally relevant clothing to demonstrate your knowledge.
Make sure wood is not bare. . Open the stain you have purchased and stir thoroughly, then apply with a bristle brush, foam brush or cloth evenly.
Chew tobacco.
When making cotton candy without a machine, what do I do with the spatulas?
add to your shampoo to get rid of dandruff, make sure to rinse with balsamic vinegar.
Use a glue gun or tape.
How can you concentrate and come up with ideas for a work or school project?
add a chocolate mix to it.
sleep on your back.
Use dirt from outside to clean oily hands
is stored in an ear 
How can I protect and make safe razor heads when not in use?
how to make spanish pimiento salad
Put water in a tube and add red plutonium, then put a hazard sticker on the tube.
Make big paper clips from wire hangers, about 3 inches long, to keep chip bags closed.
Prevent rust on steel tools.
Make wall organizers.
Include strength training at least 2 weeks per month.
Spray windex all over them and wipe it down with body oils
A cake tester is the ultimate (and cheapest) tool for making perfectly cooked steak and seafood.
You can make a LED Parachute out of a piece of 20"x20" tissue paper, a piece of string about 48 inches long, a CR2032 Coin battery, and a 10mm LED. Punch one hole in each corner of the tissue paper square.
Once you've washed the bag hang it over a hanger at the straps and place it outside in the wind and sun
place the chicks directly outdoors into the cold.  Do not provide any additional heat.  Ensure the chicks have fresh food and water every day.
look around for a bee with a stinger to squeeze.
Can table salt be substituted in place of sea salt when cooking?
Eating a healthy diet
Rub the laptop screen thoroughly to remove any dirt
Use a shaving razor to slit the tape and open the box.
keep track of how many wet diapers they have.
How do you prevent your teeth from getting stained?
How to cover the handle of your purse when it is coming a part.
First " fold" your cord in thirds without any twists or kinks. Put the end with the loop into the forked side of the buckle.  Make a larks head knot around the buckle then begin braiding.
Foam bricks used as packing material.
store embroidery  floss 
Place a wound bobbin into the shuttle, then load the shuttle into the bobbin chase and press until it won't unseat.
Use a mop to scrape the matted grass.
ribbon
Use a dish more greased than what is needed.
The first step in making a drawer organizer is to measure the wood, then cut drawer to fit, cut dividers to fit, and glue together.
Make a tool rack.
put each key on the same key chain for ease of use.
If your students seem lethargic, try having them sit down and relax. Even a quick nap can wake people up.
place beads on a string long enough to go around your neck and then tie it off at the end.
Staple clear plastic over the window holes on the inside of the tardis.
To kill the weeds in your lawn,
can counter chemical fire
form like cup for ashes
Hide items in a plant pot.
Remove the leaves from the cauliflower, keeping stem intact. Slice crosswise.
Re pot a plant.
To lower the PH of a solution, you can
Swoosh alcohol around mouth for half a minute.
have them sit down for a set amount of time where they can't play or talk to anyone.
can be used to break cloth 
flush them out with cold water.
To properly use a cutting board.
can lift up a  board that is evidence in a crime scene.
throw as a frisbee to a dog to have fun
To hang a shelf on a cinde rblock wall
use as a grip binder clip 
How can I make lemon zest syrup?
purchase the game before playing it to avoid ads.
eat a good sized meal.
Place your oats into the jar with the desired amount of water for cooking and give them a little stir. Place the jar into the fridge and forget about it until the morning.
How do you make biodegradable starter pots out of coffee sleeves?
In a medium bowl combine the yeast, sugar, and water and let sit until brown (takes about 5-10 minutes).
The first known reference to naming the constellations is from a Dylan poem, written about 1970      in BC. Some things seem to last forever.
can be used to fix a broken juicer 
How can I keep fitted sheets from sliding off the mattress?
When shopping for apples, how do I know which ones to pick?
To prevent drips and other food items from burning the bottom of the oven, place a sheet paper towels on the bottom of the oven prior to cooking.
How can make sure my fire alarm is working?
1 cup ice (or coffee frozen into cubes)    1 cup coffee, at room temperature or chilled.    2 tablespoons cream, milk or half & half.    1 to 2 teaspoons granulated white sugar
How do you stick a vintage stamp on an envelope?
Use a push stick to push the wood through.
Hit it from the back side.
Spray stain with ant spray and blot with cloth.
To get blood stains out of clothing without any cold water or soaps,
Digita moviel editor 
Thoroughly wet hair with warm water, squeeze shampoo into hair and use hand mixer to lather shampoo throughout hair, rinse in warm water.
can be used to store lamps 
can pierce potholder easily
To help relieve problems with bugs at night.
build circular frames next to a wall and place the bench over the frames so the bench is centered and near a wall
Bake bananas for Banana Ice Cream
How can I keep cords organized?
Choose a color-coordinated selection of pillows, jiu jitsu throws, and lampshades to enliven your space in a jiffy. Having a hard time choosing a color palette? Take a look in your to see which and patterns you wear most. Chances are that if you love to wear certain colors, you'll be happy living with them, too.
You can buy cigarettes at your nearest convenience store
pants
How to open a box of pasta
Fornax is the 41st largest constellation in the sky, occupying an area of 398 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern hemisphere
Use a screw as a corkscrew and turn it into the cork, pulling out to remove it.
Use the yarn tails to connect the ears.
use baking soda to wash veggies
select the print option, then select the "Print as PDF" option in the printer selection.
how to make pasta with pesto
Begin by stripping or cutting out a small piece of wood, place the wood just above the latch at the door frame and secure it with screws and a drill, this will stop the door from being able to swing open and closed
After putting the water inside take a pair of tweezers and lower them into the bulb.
To prepare the water bottle to make your pen holder, just cut off the top using a butcher knife. Just be sure to cut the bottom piece a little smaller than 6.5cm
A paste made from mushed up strawberries and instant yeast helps to clear away surface stains and remove plaque. Simply brush the paste onto your teeth with a toothbrush for several minutes, then rinse away.
One could use the power of the grid.
How can you survive if you are stuck in quicksand?
To make a headlight less cloudy, you can
Fix blurry smartphone camera.
How to contain fire pit.
Use a sanding disk and orbital sander to smooth out edges of vase.
Color origami dragon using colored markers.
To make chemistry crystals, first gather your ingredients. You will need 1/4c of epsom salt; 1/4c hot water; a fork; food coloring; a mixing bowl or beaker; a refrigerator.
Use small scissors or a seam ripper to undo the inseam. You should have two wide flared rectangle pieces and two thinner rectangles. Arrange the pieces as shown, wide, thin, wide, thin and sew apart to make a skirt.
Put the mug into the oven or fridge for a minute or so.
Paint any parts you don't want harmed by the sand.
Press the eraser to the lead on paper and rub the lead away,
Bury in in the ground as deep as you can safely.
pay them to keep their mouth shut about something.
What kind of paper should I use to make paper beads?
Use a vibrating saw
To Make Slingshot Straw Rockets for a Kids Engineering Project, first gather your materials. You will need large straws; rubber band; craft stick; paper shredder; card stock; Masking tape; Pencil eraser.
Run hot water into the bottle until full, let sit overnight, empty out water, fill with 1 tbsp of soap, fill with water, shake for 2 minutes, rinse clean with warm water
You should bake butter cookies in the oven for 12-15 minutes at 170F
How to paint the toe of a boot
cook in an air fryer
Use a bucket of warm, not hot suds and submerge the heads of the clubs and let soak, use a wire brush for anything that remains on the club and dry off with a towel.
On each corner of the plexiglass, with a drill, you will roughly drill a screw.
To bring egg whites to room temperature
Remove lingering kitchen smell.
Before the tea is placed in the sun, add the rind and peel of grapefruit directly into the tea as it brews
How to create a weed free flower bed.
Keep the apples in the bottom of the bowl as they speed up the maturation of other fruit
How to drive in a school zone?
allow the melted chocolate to cool completely  and hard
If you have old wooden drawers that are hard to open, take a candle stick and rub it on the tracks. The wax will help the drawers open and close smoothly.
To search for items in YouTube.
Make a clean even cut directly back to the main branch. Keep this up while the plant is blooming. When the Phalaenopsis orchid is completely done blooming and all the flowers have faded, you can do the major pruning. ... Trim the stalk that had the blooms on it off about an inch away from the main stalk.
If you're an allergy sufferer, take special care to prevent your pets from tracking in dust and pollen. Long hair traps more pollen, so keep dogs' coats short if possible, and clean their lower intestines with damp paper towels or pet-safe wipes. When you vacuum, make sure to use a HEPA filter, which ensures you're not releasing allergens back into the air.
String a rope between two trees and drape tarp over it.
how do you unlike a picture on instagram?
using your fingers, create an opening on the orange, and then pull back on the skin all the way around.
Wash the zucchini. Using a hand-held spiral cutter, twist the zucchini in it to make long strings of zucchini. Boil in water for a couple minutes until cooked.
How to fix the problem of a slippery spot on the floor.
How do you protect a pool in the off season?
To make chocolate milk.
cuts fingers bloody
Stick post it note between keys.
look at the bottom outer corner of the page for the page number
Mix together cocoa and grease into a paste, spread across the pan.
keep your phone screen off.
how to make a yellow trio
call it.
Wear latex gloves and sweep hair.
To protect much-used or oft-used pages in a reference book.
tablet
Place the paper into landscape mode.  Take the upper left corner and begin to fold it to the lower right.  Take the upper right corner and fold it down to the lower left.  Then fold in half length wise.  Unfold the sections.
Use a knife to scrape the chocolate mixture into a ball.
use a cold wash and some light washing aids then allow the piece to hang dry
use pomade
vise grip
Take off the old one, wipe them down with a cloth and put a new one on.
In order to start a fire,
squish it.
Wood objects that work the best for this project include boxes, frames, and wooden letters. Avoid round or beveled shapes, such as balls or candlesticks, as this will cause the paper to crinkle.
Lay out the light square in the bottom-right corner, Set up the pawns on the second rank, Put your rooks in the corners, Place your knights next to the rooks, Bishops go next to knights, Queen goes on her color, Place your king in the last square available.
Paint the chandler
Moisten a paper towel. Wrap the paper towel around the container and let sit for a few minutes until the glue on the sticker is loosened enough to peel off.
sign up for the memories app
To protect floors from scratches and scrapes.
Place paper towels on the back of the latex
can stand on a screwdriver 
Stretch the knit fabric when wet and iron it.
straw
turn off your phone
Put candles in oven for a few hours.
Whisk 1/4 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Whisk in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
Set oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.        Line a bed sheet with some foil and arrange marbles on it.        After your oven has heated, place the bed sheet in the oven and bake.        While waiting for the marbles to heat up, fill a bowl with a few ice cubes and some water.        After about 20 minutes of baking, remove the marbles from the oven and IMMEDIATELY transfer to the bowl of water. I poured mine directly from the bed sheet into the bowl.         Wait a few minutes for the marble to cool then fish them out
communicate orders space
can be secured onto a head with wire 
To make yourself look better on camera.
To make a Monster Energy Drink Can Light, first use a sawzall to make a hole in the bottom of the can, widening it just enough to insert the base of the light.
How to Kill Green Hair Algae in a Freshwater Aquarium
Store peanut butter sideways so the oil gets mixed evenly.
Use an apple peeler and press down firmly on the core of the apple to split the flesh from the core
Place empty cartons in cardboard box before filling with juice.
If you smell the slightest hint of mold, fermentation, or foulness, you know they may not keep even one night. Another sign is that a ripe strawberry will be red through and through. A strawberry picked underripe will be white or even slightly greenish at the top. It doesn't taste good then.
Rub dirty water over glasses, then rinse.
Pour some water on to the plate to dissipate heat
Once they come out of the oven, place the cookies on a cooling rack in a cool room stack them so they touch each other
Clean paint brushes.
sloshes sand 
Be friendly and polite to them, and take interest in their life as well.
How do I clean sticky vinyl shelves?
Watch the hive around the middle of the day to ensure that most of the bees are out foraging. Smoke the hive to ensure that the remaining bees are docile.
How do you add air to a tire?
Sew it with rubber bands
candle
How can I prevent cake from coming apart while frosting?
spray with glue and rub with a white crayon before washing.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup shredded coconut  and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract,  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Microwave these citrus fruits for 15 seconds before you juice them.
How to Take Care of Nursing Cats
how do you strangle someone?
can craft a grater 
Separate the cardboard where the arrows point.
can stregthen tissue 
How do I temper the mixture of eggs and milk when making vanilla souffles?
Cut the legs off a pants that fit well and use that.
Where can you get an old transformer for your welder?
To make a box out of panels.
There is no game called "Superman 64". There is a game called "Superman" on Commodore 64, which is what is likely meant.
cut out scraps of vinyl to patch up the center area, tearing a bit so the connection curve smoothly into each other
open the app, and press the edit button on the bottom left, then choose which friends to delete and click done.
Put some water in the blender and baking soda. Turn the blender on. Rinse with water after.
Apiarists have designated colors for identify the years that queens were born. Mark your queen in the year after she was born. Years ending in 1 or 6 are signified by white paint. Years ending in 2 or 7 are signified by yellow paint. Years ending in 3 or 8 are signified by red paint. Years ending in 4 or 9 are signified by green paint. Years ending in 5 or 0 are signified by blue paint. Choose the color that signifies the year she was born in.
Start by coating the inside of the ramekins with lemon juice
llow your cake to cool completely before wrapping it for the freezer. ...    Trim off the domed tops of your cake. ...    Wrap your cake in a layer of plastic forks...    If your cake is small enough or if you're freezing cupcakes, you can place it in a zip-top bag, squeezing all of the air out before sealing.
Inspect the inside of the refrigerator, food spills, wine staining or blackish mold of the shelves or door pocket.
Can balance stapler on its blade.
You can buy a smaller cage for your guinea pig since they are small rodents that take up little space and get them some food intended for small rodents.
Use a strong magnet to remove the screws
how do you solve a seek and find puzzle?
Use a file to round them.
Grab a pot, and fill it up 2/3rds with water. Set the water to boil. Once boiled, add salt and the pasta noodles to the pot. Stir in the noodles if they do not fit, and cook for about 6-8 minutes or to the consistency desired for the noodles. Remove the pot and drain the noodles on a colander.
sesame or coconut oil, as long as it is unflavored.
Run a squeegee over the hair, it will remove it.
How many legs are needed for constructing a desk?
How to Make Easy Onion Rings
Flip the stool over and use a hammer to loosen the screws then pull up on the legs and they will come off.
clip hair easily
How can I unstick and find the end of a large roll of packing tape?
how to cook brown rice faster
Change pillow case every month.
How to cure and seal concrete?
can be covered with duct tape to make it flat
How do you prep a turkey for deep frying?
Set it in a closet in the darkness and allow it to sit for a few days.
stockings
How do I fix the small wire tree to a rock ?
Place it in a metal pan and place it in the fridge
mix a slurry of cornstarch and water into the stew to thicken it
Break in a new baseball mit.
How to sand top of wooden table.
Remove excess juice from tomatoes.
take the cap off of the bottle, and turn the bottle upside down over a glass.
can cut soap into pieces
Heat your vegetable oil to 365 degrees F. Take the peel off the onion and cut the onion into 1/4 inch rings. Separate on paper towels.
Pick a small Yucca plant with the shortest, fattest leaves that you can find.
Broil 300 poblano peppers until blackened. Peel, seed and cut into strips. Saute 1 cup chopped onion, the poblanos and 1 sliced garlic clove in olive oil until golden. Serve over Classic Mash; garnish with sour cream.
Make a strong tea with 6-7 used tea bags. Take a soft towel dip it into the tea and dab the tea onto the paper. Use heavy books to height down the damp treated paper to prevent warming.
store bodies live
You draw a semi-circle around two pieces of text in a book with pencil.
Keep dill plants around your house, in  windows or wherever there is space to put a pot. Spiders and mites hate the scent and you can use the dill in your cooking.
Soak shit in warm water and hair conditioner for 10 minutes.
Tighten abs as hard as you can.
hold down the space bar and then swipe your finger left or right.
melt over a double boiler stirring constantly
Fill the reservoir of a clean coffee maker with 6 ounces of water and add 2 teaspoons of citric acid powder and brew.
Mothproof clothing by wrapping them in newspapers.
How to dry wood quickly to use in a fire?
Peel the apples with a potato peeler, only removing the skin and leaving behind the flesh. Cut what remains into quarters with a knife.
How to slice bananas for crepes.
how to make sausage-apple biscuit
nails
When you’re just starting off, go for easy bike rides around your neighborhood, on a local bike trail, or at a park..
Clean up stripped seat base with orbital sander.
How do you remove the motherboard from a computer case.
You could open the back of the laptop, access the drive bay, remove the CD reader, and install a new hard drive in a drive bracket.
If you suspect someone is checking you out
scatter them everywhere.
Close rim for more surface area.
Mash up 8 fresh strawberries and combine with mayonnaise. Add coconut oil and honey for extra shine. Apply the mask to wet hair. Let the mixture soak in for six hours, before combing through hair with a fine tooth comb.
how do you take your pants off
How do you know when to flip a pancake?
throw extra beach into your loads of laundry to whiten the fabric in the wash.
Remove cobwebs from walls.
To help the toddler make a mermaid tail!
carefully pry the screw from the wall with a crow bar.
What kind of candy should I have if I want to reduce stress?
Fill one sink with hot, soapy water and load dishes a load at a time. Wash and then rinse in empty sink.
is used to being held by hands 
Drop acrylic paint in the batter.
Pan for gold and find some.
Easily scrape paint off of a brush with one quick modification to the can.
Mount ladder bookshelf.
How can you develop a habit that will make it impossible to ever lose your gas tank cap?
use a toothpick to dip into the nail polish bottle and dot onto your nails.
Working from the bottom, fold up the disc around the filling, rotating the filling while you push it down with your rubber scraper, and using your other hand to pinch and close the dough around the filling.
The constellation Hercules the Kneeling Giant can be seen ascending in the east-northeast on these southern Hemisphere spring evenings. You can find Hercules between two brilliant stars: Arcturus and Vega
How to make french toast
Turn on your oven’s broiler, and place the top rack about 8 inches below the broiler element.  Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large oven-proof cast iron pan** over high heat.  Add steak and sear on each side for 30 seconds.  Transfer pan to the oven and broil for 4 minutes, flipping the steak halfway through, or until the steak reaches your desired level of doneness.   Remove from the oven, transfer the steak to a clean plate, and loosely cover the plate with aluminum foil.  Let the steak rest for at least 50 minutes.  Serve warm.
Take a bottle cap and place it on an styrofoam or other similar surface. Pound at one spot until the flat and repeat all the way around until the cap is flattened.
Keep an empty laundry basket in the car and use that to put lots of groceries in.
turn your wheels slightly.
How to Make a Fruit Fly Trap
You can take a group aerobics class or try any number of movement-based exercise routines by yourself
make three of it.
Line cardboard boxes with sand paper
To encourage good service at a restaurant,
can store  table top on a shelf
Sprinkle dirt onto hot glue poured into the pot.
Home made shoe polish.
carefully hold the nail with your fingers while hammering it into the wall.
On the stove in a pot.
Use a hammer to hammer a nail at an straight through the edge of the stud, until it's firmly in position.
Place a plastic bag over the painting and carefully iron the wax until it sticks to the plastic.
To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth, drink your coffee through a straw to minimize the liquid's contact with your teeth.
wrapping paper
Use a whittling knife to curve the joints.
Use wood varnish
Get 1/3 cup cold water and 2 cup vinegar, 1 tablespoon of unscented dishwasher soap, mix into a spray bottle, spray the windows and scrub with cloth.
How ot make a milkshake at home
are a good way to quickly communicate with a friend.
tarp
colander
conceals  wrong signatures in error
Cut the yarn until you have 24 strands.  Then wrap them around a pencil. Bring the first strand of yarn under and over the other strands. Once you pull the next strand through, the previous strand goes over it. Eventually you will see the diagonal stripes.  Once you are done with one half and are ready to remove the pencil/dowel, it should be turned around rather than flipped over.  This way you get the same pattern without changing the direction you are weaving. When your finished you can braid the ends.
throw them on the grill
How to prep potatoes for hash browns before frying.
You should do an X on the CPU with as much thermal paste as will fit, to make sure once the fan is installed, paste leaks onto the motherboard.
How do I know if meringue is mixed properly?
When placing bread in toaster place 2 slices in one slot, that way the bread is toasted deli style on one side and tender on the inside.
Wash  2 cups fresh or frozen Gooseberries, 2 cups diced Kiwi. Toss berries with 3 tablespoons Lemon juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place Kiwi and Gooseberries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 220 for 5 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
With a spotter, pull the car into the garage as close to other objects as possible, and have the spotter tell you when to stop. Hang a tennis ball from the ceiling to touch the windshield of the newly parked car. In the future, pull the car in until the windshield hits the tennis ball.
How to infuse grapefruit flavor into suntea?
Use an oscillating saw to cut the slit
Fill milk half way full into a jar. Screw the lid and make sure it is tight. Shakes well for about 10 minutes. Once it turns solid, it is butter.
Find a piece of wood and paint letters, numbers or a decal on it.
Upon opening the system, the power supply is to the left in the front. Unscrew the screws holding it down and remove it, then insert and screw down the new one.
how to keep chopped vegetables from becoming slimy
bottle
warp the potato in aluminum foil, poke some holes in it, then place in the oven at 400 degrees until done.
Rinse it out thoroughly before removing the lipstick
foot
Sand down the wooden toy then dab the wood with some fresh teabags which are very dry
can color paper easily
tack
You should choose the screws according to the moisture level where you use them.
Turn a postit upside down, embed the small screws to sticky part, write down where/what the item is on the postit.
To prevent soap scum in the shower,
How to reply to an email on gmail
How do you draw a coffin?
coat it with olive oil between shaves.
mix together a weed and grass killer and spray the mixture at the base of the weeds.
squeeze equal amounts of red and blue acrylic paints onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
Poke holes in peeled bananas and place on a parchment lined baking sheet. Put in oven for 45 minutes at 350 degrees.
Form the dough into a smooth ball, wrap in plastic wrap and store in the fridge overnight or at least a minimum of one hour
Place it in a paper bag
How long should the dimensions of the wood be to build an easy cleaning guinea pig cage?
can be used  to signal stop if white
eat it out of a mug.
What kind of apples can I use for applesauce?
Take a x-acto knife and shave off the markings.
tell the children about old stories from a thousand years ago.
make chinese sausge rice pancakes
Use a stiff piece of cardboard to pick up the debris pile after sweeping.
Mark spot with highlighter, then rub off.
Punch it in the leg
Use an empty bottle as the container.
What is needed to melt the cheese for a pizza quesadilla?
keep them all inside of you.
can cut string well
keep track of the time by counting the seconds of the day in your head.
place a cherry at the top
Tie rubber bands around knobs.
how to stop a fan belt from squeaking
Using round cookie cutters, just make kittens. A small one for the head, a small one cut into wedges for the ears, and a larger one for the body. Use a piece of licorice for the tail.
Any plywood - amount will vary depending on how many you want to make. I bought some mixed packs of (Zebrawood, Padauk and Ebony, varying in thickness from veneer to 3 inch), wood glue, sand granules ranging from 100 - 500grit, finishing - any polyurethane clear coat, or you can use an oil/wax finish and cloth rags to apply clear coat or oil/wax,
To re-purpose a plastic water bottle as an indoor herb pot.
If the semolina mixture is too dry, you can add a few teaspoons of milk until it reaches the right consistency
To remove emulsion from the photo paper stencil for screen printing.
Register for an online account at the company you're paying a bill with. Click on the option to view your bill online.  Then click on Make A Payment.  Enter your personal information, such as your name, address and phone number, then click on Pay Now.
Use a chisel to clean out the joint.
How do I prepare the eggs for making an oatmeal pie?
Right before flowering, cut the stems 1 inch under the ground. You can harvest one mint plant two or three times in one growing season. You can also just pick the leaves as you need them. You can grow the plants indoors for fresh leaves throughout the winter
Drive from the scene and do not stop, as they may try to scam you.
Using a clean jar place your stencil sticky side down on the jar. Use tape to cover up the spots you don't want to be etched around the stencil. Brush face cream onto the surface of the jar around the stencil and let sit for 3 to 5 minutes. Wash off.
How can I wash my jeans?
Walk to a comfortable depth in the ocean and relax your body. Lay back and lock your limbs. Breath steadily and remain calm.
to accommodate many birds at a bird feeder
fill it with water.
How do you identify a ripe persimmon by touch?
Use steel wool and soap to scuff the surface.
To peel an orange with your hands,
How to open a capped bottle.
Rub scratches with banana.
plug headphones into your music player and place the headphone buds into your ears.
To sweep a team in the nba playoffs,
Choose whatever makes more/costs less money every time. As long as the treasury is full, you get the good ending.
How to glue two pieces of wood together.
An episode of Seinfeld.
Animal shelters
Making the legs
Wear gloves and a face mask to avoid direct contact with the insulation.
garam spatula
How to take a selfie
Separate the cardboard opposite where the arrows point.
wrap around a glass 
How do you cut the leather for the shield?
Use white curtains.
Slide a sock between the door and the frame to pop the lock.
2 ounces Brie cheese, softened    1 3 - ounce package cream cheese, softened    2 -3 tablespoons sugar    1 teaspoon lemon juice    2 cups sliced fresh strawberries    1/2 cup butter toffee-glazed sliced almonds    Honey (optional)    directions    Remove and discard the inner part from the Brie. In a medium bowl, beat Brie, cream cheese, sugar, and lemon juice with an electric mixer on medium speed until almost smooth. Set aside.    Divide half of the strawberries among four parfait glasses or water goblets. Top with half of the cheese mixture and half of the almonds. Repeat layers once more. If desired, drizzle with honey.
warp sleeve 
grow it in sunny, well lit and somewhat dry places.
How do you remove tissue from a tissue box?
On the right side of the taskbar, click the magnifying glass. Type "brightness". Click the button that says "Change Brightness Level"
Soak pots in bleach before using again.
turn on the faucet by twisting the handle until water comes out, holding the spoon underneath, filling it with water completely up to the edge.
Cut them up after you add them to the mix
Cook 5 chopped garlic cloves in 1/3 cup olive oil over medium-high heat, 30 seconds; cool. Blend with 1/4 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, and 1/2 teaspoon each ground cumin and kosher salt in a blender. Add 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; pulse to combine.
protected by sock 
Rinse them gently in hot water.
How to make Chocolate Pudding at home on your stove.
Keep them in a sheath for utensils near the grill.
how can I make sparkly strawberry ice cubes?
Metal shavings are a popular item people use for weight in pattern weight projects.
To cut a specific angle in a piece of wood, you can
Wash stones with soap and water in a bucket.     Sand off any gritty parts with sandpaper if necessary.    Prime stones with one or two coats of acrylic paint or primer.     You can smooth Elmer's wood filler over a rock's holes, dimples, or cracks to even it out before priming.
how do you call someone from your phone?
how do you break a house window?
how do you fix dry eyes?
On your browser, search for yahoo then click on the first link and select sign up option
Use some febreeze on your clothing occasionally if you are going to rewear it.
To cut pieces of wood to equal sizes.
how to make great eggs
Place a colander on the counter. Pour the pot containing the boiled yams into the colander and allow the water to drain out of the bottom.
take the cap off of the bottle, and turn the bottle upside down over the cap.
remove the seeds
Use pans made from anodized aluminum, which is inert, harder than stainless, very easy to clean, and will not dissolve/leach into your food.
can cut frozen pudding to make treats
how do you put out a fire?
to quickly untie knots
Making red cake batter
How to cut a piece of netting with scissors.
How do you peel asparagus before cooking?
how do you put play dough away?
Clean those ugly mildew stains off your plastic shower curtain by putting it and a couple of soiled towels in your washing machine. Add 1/2 cup laundry detergent and 1/2 cup baking soda to the load, and wash it in warm water on your machine's regular cycle. Add 1 cup white vinegar to the first rinse.
Go to work and work for however long it takes you to make 25 bucks.
Use hot solder to hold them in place
how do you climb into an attic?
Grasp the lid of the bottle and firmly twist it clockwise, and continue twisting it until it comes off of the bottle.
dried by a  sponge quickly
You can tell if someone is lying to you if they start to sweat. Look for any dampness or sheen around the knuckles.
Freeze Popsicles beforehand and place them in the refrigerator.
Treat heat burn.
Preheat a small loaf pan to Medium/Medium Low heat and throw your stick of butter in. It will start to bubble up a little as it melts down; swirl the pan around instead of stirring with a spoon. After about 5 minutes, the bubbles will begin to turn to a thick foam. Watch it carefully! The foam will turn from a nice white/cream to a tan color after a couple more minutes. Once that happens, and it begins to smell nutty and delicious, remove your pan from the heat.
To protect your skin from sun damage when outdoors,
mouth
Carry a fire with you, no one ever stops anyone carrying one of those in a hurry.
To put hair into a bun
Make Hazelnut Brownies, replacing the dulce de leche with butterscotch sauce and the hazelnuts with buttermilk biscuits. Press 1/2 cup toffee bits into the top along with the nuts.
can be used  to escape in prison.
Pull them out by hand for a quick removal.
broom
use a mixture of mayonnaise and glue to stick them together.
How to turn on a television?
can cool yard 
To help identify luggage easily when travelling,
Need to sand off a rough patch on my porch, made of wood.
Heat food in hotel with microwave.
Flush away excess wet paint. Spray the stain with hairspray. Rub the stain with a dry cloth. Run the item in the washing machine on a cool setting.
Old bumper stickers and other types of stickers can be removed from automobiles easily with hot air. Use a hair dryer to heat up the sticker, which will also heat the adhesive on it. Once warmed, the bumper car should be peeled slowly away from the automobile while still applying hot air from the hair dryer. This will remove the bumber car without use of any solvents.
spray an approved cleanser onto the readable surface of the disk. use a gentle cloth suitable for disk cleaning or computer screen cleaning and gently wipe the readable surface clean.
How to make Pineapple Candles at home.
use an air conditioner.
Get a round waste basket and cover top with cloth.
Put a lemon wedge in the water while boiling them. the shells will just about fall off when they're done.
Wash the outside of the balloon, then fill the balloon with some air using a piping bag.
Use a sandblaster at 120 psi, you might want to use a drill with a sanding attachment for the holes, or you could also sand it by hand.
how do you believe someone?
To smooth the marks on the surface of the stump using a sander outside so it's ventilated, starting with course paper going over the surface working your way to finer paper for a smooth finish
To imprint a pattern into a sheet of metal.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees F
Chill them in the oven
is used for getting wrapped thread 
How to clean contact lenses?
turn the car to where it will go in the opposite direction of where you wer going
can float on water until it gets too wet
To do Candy Chromatography, first gather your materials. You will need Skittles Candy; Coffee filter; Pencil; Aluminum foil; Salt; Water; Ice pick; Clear glass cup
How to remove the helmet from a batman costume after use?
Keep in telephone case.
How to cook rice so it is fluffy.
Mix the chocolate chips and butter how?
Grip a pullup bar with your palms facing whichever direction you prefer, pull yourself up until your chin is barely above the bar, then lower yourself.
season while soaking in water, and then season again in a buttermilk soak.
Use wool winter gloves to protect your hands.
To make a trash can smell better in your kitchen?
Pour dish soap into the key lock and then wipe it down with a hole.
Apply baby powder to problem areas.
Hollow out a filing cabinet and lay down so holes are down up.
You can use a large serving spoon or any kind of large kitchen spoon or ice cream scoop would work just fine.
You should place the paper onto the wood then paint over it with modge podge, and all to dry completely.
Using a small knife, cut the grapefruit in half.    Cut each half into wedges. Cut each half in half again and repeat until standard wedges are produced.    Cut along the rind to remove just the fruit.    Cut the wedge in half and remove the center pips.
Combine rice, 1 1/2 cups water, salt, and a drizzle of oil in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer, then cover and cook over high heat until tender and liquid is absorbed, 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from heat; let stand, covered, 10 minutes.
How to make healthier dressings.
take the number of made free throws and divide it by the number of attempted free throws.
alters fire 
Clean lint trap of laundry machine.
How to make Fluffy Slime
Pour a few tablespoons or so of water into a pan with sticky meat or vegetable searings on the bottom. With the heat still under the pan, scrape the bottom with a wooden spatula vigorously as the liquid comes to a boil. Do not let it boil for more than a few seconds and you make sure you’ve released all the particles from the pan. You have deglazed the pan and can now use the resulting liquid to make a sauce or gravy.
Use a needle to score the design.
There is a submissions page on Netflix and you are allowed to request shows not available there, if they find the show, they'll notify you, they take it  seriously.
how to make gluten free panko bread crumbs
To get rid of a bruise fast.
How to serve a tequila shot
Place pantyhose over your vacuum hose and then cut the center, vacuum and periodically check the pantyhose for your lost item.
Lookup videos on Youtube and follow the tutorial
Cover door knobs with foil.
Bring water to a boil in a frying pan over the stove and put pasta in. Cook until soft.
Clean your flat top stove
Use a stain
First you use a measuring tape to meaure, then use a pencil to mark it, finally you cut with a bandsaw where you placed your mark.
To get a canned beverage completely cold in 15 minutes
How to quickly cool down coffee?
Use wallpaper glue.
keeps grill clean
To make round slices of same thickness from wood.
interrupt them
penny
Put a VPN on your computer to ensure your privacy.
they consume only fresh plants
pinch both sides of the bag near the top of the bag with your thumbs and forefingers and pull apart in opposite directions.
how do I use toothpaste for pimples?
Get a fine piece of sandpaper and smooth the wood by putting the sandpaper in the box, closing the lid and shaking it.
Lepus lies immediately south and north of Orion, where it culminates at midnight in the December sky. The name 'lepus' is Latin for hare, and the creature represented here is often said to be chased by Orion's two dogs, Canis Major and Canis Minor.
Knock out a fish before cleaning.
To turn a can of refried beans into bean dip,
How to make washable hair dye for kids
You can find a polar bear in australia
Take a needle and thread that's a different color as the dress, and sew the tear back together.
instead of vise grips 
Use a hangar and nail to adhere your wreath to your door.
Place a full piece of newspaper on a table in front of you and lay it out so it is unfolded and flat. Then tear or cut down the middle crease to make two pieces.
cleans dishes 
No worries. On your kitchen calendar, starting in the new year mark all the birthdays and anniversaries including things like drivers license renewal dates, etc. on the calendar. Use a pen so it's a permanent reminder. No more forgetting important dates.
To remove the bark from a stick of wood, you can
how to make portable fire starters
To gather the ingredients for a rice pudding desert that can be made on the trail during a backpacking trip.
ladder
How do you sketch your design on paper?
How to Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam
Cooking pasta in the slow cooker saves time versus cooking it in the oven
Cook them in a tea pot.
Scream and cuss which releases a chemical.
Spray pan with cooking spray over the sink.
Place the accessories in a plastic bead container with separate compartments.
You must first smooth out the surface, wipe away any dust, and then apply paint.
Toss 1/2 cup shredded red cabbage with 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar and 1 teaspoon each sugar and chopped dill; let sit 15 minutes. Mix 1 tablespoon yellow mustard with 1 teaspoon horseradish; spread on the bottom of a split onion roll. Fill with sliced pastrami and the slaw.
Ben Thomas
can tighten the screws on the glasses but not easily
bust open a  brick if hit hard enough
box
Use a shaving brush to clean.
Use your arms as the knitting needle.
how to clean wood blinds
To attach a 2X4 to a 4X4, you can
soak the kabob sticks in oil for 30 minutes prior to use.
How do I mix together the ingredients for baked pears?
Seal the food in a plastic bag and make sure it's completely sealed.  Place the bag in a tub of warm water.  Let it sit for a few hours to make sure it thaws completely before using.
place in a bowl and cover with boiling lemons, let stand for one minute then peel with sharp paring knife.
You can create a wooden pot to hold plants out of recycled pallets.
Clean hard to reach areas of a bottle.
sit down on the floor indian style. take deep breaths in and out, and clear your mind of all thoughts.
What can you use to make something reflective.
open a bottle of soda without it exploding
To gain an extra hand while woodworking, create one with the help of a transplant surgeon.
Use a table saw to carefully cut the metal
How do you remove whitewash from brick?
Use half cut potato to rub paint off.
sort and wash clothing, so that red and other colors are not washed with the whites.
How to make Caramel peanut butter spread.
cover the middle of the crust with strips of foil for about half of the baking time.
Add 325 grams yeast to 110 degree water in a bowl, then add a half tablespoon of sugar to the water and mix it in.
To tell if your indoor plants need water
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Brush a baking sheet lightly with olive oil. Lay peppers on their sides, stems pointing sideways. Put baking sheet in oven and allow peppers to roast for 2 minutes
Use multiple spatulas to scramble the egg
Throw a large weight into a weak area.
pass the ball to a player and have them immediately score a basket as a result of your pass.
lay down on your right side for a while.
can be used to pound garlic for meatballs
Place the slices of bacon on the top of a paper bag. Place the bag on top of hot coal left over after fires goes out. Leave until cooked for about 10 minutes.
how to clean large windows
go over it with wax
how to transfer words to wood
wrap them snugly with Saran wrap.
coloring a paper 
press on the tire to see if it deflates at all.
use a piece of plywood and black and white tiling of same size. Alternate the colors as you glue them down onto the plywood.
Hook up your phone to a remote and play it
Warm the clothes in the dryer before cleaning them as the heat will help to remove stains.
How do I assemble the pavlova cookies once all the prep is ready?
put some lettuce with croutons and dressing
Cut and wrap note card around cord.
grasp the zipper between two fingers, then pull away from the direction that you want to close.
Use a compass to help draw the circles
can be used to cut your finger if you're wearing thick gloves
use the clip on the charms to clip them on the bracelet.
To refresh your garbage disposal
How do I prepare the ingredients in the instant pot when making dulce de leche?
Whip 3 tablespoons (45 grams) of shea butter in a bowl until it turns creamy.     Add 3 tablespoons (45 milliliters) of apricot seed oil. Add in 1 teaspoon of both vitamin E oil and aloe vera gel. Add in your essential oils. You will need 3 drops of Clary sage, 5 drops of myrrh, and 5 drops of helichrysum     Beat the ingredients together with a whisk, then transfer it to a glass jar.
Thinly slice the tomato with a sharp knife
Put the bulb in the freezer to nuke for about 20 seconds, after which the cloves will slide right out of their skins.
Wrap the bristle end of the brush loosely in old newspaper and leave in a sunny, well ventilated area.
shape a soda can
Elevate the vehicle using a jack. Loosen and remove each of the five or six lug nuts holding the wheel to the wheel hub using a tire iron or socket. Gently pull the wheel to remove it from the vehicle.
Find an old shirt you no longer wear, then cut off the sleeves, fold the fabric under and use paper clips to hold new sleeves  in place.
Use a lathe to cut the specific angle
To remove dust from your graphite drawing.
To prevent serious emergencies in hard times,
can plug a nose up
let the meat freeze dry for a long period of time.
How do you get rid of termites?
Place the ball inside the cap and if it doesnt fit, add more stuffing
To make homemade bread come out soft and chewy,
Place a cup of milk in a microwave safe bowl and add in a cup of milk with a three teaspoons of sugar. Heat it for 2 minutes until warm. Open yeast packet and pour into the milk. Stir with a spoon and let sit for an hour.
Shave the hair off in between the foot pads with an electric shaver and use a doggy toenail clipper to clip the toenails.
can rest on top of coffee filter 
What can I add to my eggs to make them more flavorful?
stamp the pattern over the dough then cut out each one using the 6 inch cookie cutter.
how to maximize herbs
Place laundry detergent pod into dishwasher, close, and press start.
Make oatmeal.
pet mouse
An laser pointer can be used to cut intricate designs from cardboard.
Dig a hole that is bigger than the root ball. Tip flower pot upside down and catch the root ball in  your hand. Put it in the hole, and fill the hole back up with the dirt you dug out.
put a rare earth magnet on your drill bit to keep screws on the bit
can be worn in layers to protect against lions 
how to remove seeds from a pomegranate
Place the seed in the soil, then cover it up and water it
What is a good way to rush somewhere in a hurry?
make sweet potato fries
Clip a paper clip to the end of the roll.
What ingredients do I need to make fried Oreos?
First pour 1 cup baking soda directly into blocked drain (It's ok if there is some water backed up into it), then pour vinegar (about 2 cups) into the drain, it will react and unclog your sink.
Pack toolbox first and unpack last.
How do I paint the surface of the fridge door.
Use a large hunting knife
Tear each stalk off from the base, and then rinse with dishwater from the sink, and shake out any dirt that sticks.
Take your slats and using a roller cover  the frame with glue and adhere the slats to the frame.
use the blade of your knife to gently shave them right off
Wrap ice cubes in cheese cloth or a paper towel and skim the surface, so the fat solidifies and is easier to remove using toast or a spoon.
How can I glue moss inside of a picture frame?
How do I redeem a game key using Steam?
Whenever you get a flat tire, take a photo it.
to store toilet paper 
How do you harvest baneberries?
You can wear coats and a scarf
What is the best time to eat dinner
How do I turn on the television?
Hold plastic rod with one hand and stick the hole from the plastic triangle into the rod. Keep doing this until all triangles are on the rod.
To keep a yard looking green all year, no matter what region you are in,
Which is the best side to push a broken down car?
place the lettering, with the plastic still attached, against the wall.  Use a spatula to firmly press the lettering onto the wall.  Gently peel the plastic off and ensure the lettering sticks.
Measure the steering wheel and cut the wood based on the measured steering wheel.
Reflect photography light.
make a loop that looks like the loop of a roller coaster. Insert one end of the string into the loop. Pull both ends in the same direction so that the knot becomes tight.
Over the sink, pour pasta into a strainer.
How do I steam an egg to make Chinese steamed egg.
mouth
Use capital letters for extra security.
Boil some well-oiled water. Add dry spaghetti while keeping each noodle separate by constantly stirring. Set a timer for 12 minutes and drain, tossing into any desired sauce.
The constellation Hercules the Kneeling Giant can be seen ascending in the east-northeast on these Northern Hemisphere spring evenings. You can find Hercules between two brilliant stars: Arcturus and Vega
Pour the solvent into a stainless steel pan and heat it on the stove until it comes to a boil.
how to clean ice trays
To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth, rinse out your mouth with water or mouthwash after you are finished with your coffee.
Take a block of wood and chisel out the circular shape, sand it down to smooth it and then press a drill through the middle to fit your finger, wrap some sand paper around a drill bit and smooth the inside
Add steak/beef and marinade to the bowl of Instant Pot.  Close lid securely and set vent to “Sealing”.  Press “Manual”, then press “Pressure” until the light on “High Pressure” lights up, then adjust the +/- buttons until time reads 35 minutes.  Cook.  Then very carefully, turn the vent to “Venting” for quick release, and wait until all of the steam has released and the valve has dropped.  Remove the lid, shred the steak/beef if you’d like.  Serve immediately.
To find large, circular shelving for DIY shoe storage.
how to avoid paint bleed under your masking tape
A good way to cut would be to carefully cut the strap using a sharp scissor right at the boundary, and the sowing/cutting away any rough patch.
will measure weight accurately
try a grated orange rind and orange slushie added to sour cream.
pour cold water in it and wait for it to drain.
You need a square paper, about 4 inches by 4 inches.
Sugar is not a nutrient but it is addictive. After sugar is consumed, it leads to hormone imbalances that can cause sugar cravings as a result.
is another word  substituted for Mesa
gently hold down top eyelid and the start at one corner and draw a thin line following your lid directly by your eyebrows to the other corner
Preheat grill for high heat.    In a large bowl, mix the ground beef, egg, bread crumbs, evaporated milk, Worcestershire sauce, cayenne pepper, and garlic using your hands. Form the mixture into 8 hamburger patties.    Lightly oil the grill grate. Grill patties 5 minutes per side, or until well done.
How do you drain boiled yams?
Hit the wall gently with a cat's paw or other sharp object. A stud will make a different sound than hollow wall.
Install S-hooks onto shower head.
To cut a length of rope when making a survival bracelet,
You can make a quick and easy margherita pizza by using a recycled pizza crust. First drizzle a little oil on to the pizza crust. Slice a ripe tomato and layer the slices on top of the oiled pizza crust. Add some roughly chopped fresh basil, and top with shredded fresh mozzarella. Bake at 400 degrees for 7 or 8 minutes or until its reached the desired doneness.
Flip the dead snake over back side up, look for an opening a few inches away from the dead snake's tail, take sharp shears and place into the opening, cut up the stomach until you reach the head and stop.
How to Overcome Shyness with Girls
poke it with your fingers.
To make it so that dough doesn't stick to a counter while you roll it out
Avoid open fields.
Hang extra hangers together.
leave a small cup of water inside the lantern.
Add enough water to the pan to just cover the 12oz. of kumquats
Sit on chair and remove with hair dryer.
hunting knife
How do I filter the ocean water?
using a drinking straw to narrow your aim, blow into it at the dusty area.
Ants are apt to avoid water. Placing the legs of the picnic table in buckets holding water will allow you to eat peacefully without ants crawling up onto the table top. Also sprinkle the area with cinnamon or cayenne pepper as a no fuss deterrent.
Use decoupage glue on top and bottom of paper.
carry a small amount of gauze, string, a knife and a lighter everywhere.
Wrap with newspaper.
To shuffle a deck of cards easily,
The label will contain a number that consists of 4 digits.
Remove the mattress from the bed and go underneath the bed, find the end of the leg which is causing the wobble and then tighten the bolt which is loose, that should fix the loose headboard
How to drill a pilot hole for a screw in wood.
Using your fingers place black sclera contact lens into the eyes
To find an easy way to complete levels on a video game,
How to do an Awesome Color Experiment using a mixture to break down a colored marker.
To make Creamy Mac N Cheese, cook your sauce over medium high heat until it begins to thicken and slightly bubble. Take care to not burn the bottom and sides.
how do you count down from ten?
turn on a hot shower with all of the widows closed.
Wrap dirty trash bag on surface to place food on.
tongs
Bring the water up to a boil, then lower it to a rapid simmer. Add the eggs to the pot, and then stop timing. If you're just cooking one or two eggs, five minutes is perfect for a runny yolk, or cook as long as seven minutes for a more firmly set, but still spoonable, yolk
hold your breath and swallow three times
One should use dough.
Hydra are related to jellyfish and are a common pest in home aquariums. Hydra are not generally harmful to fish, except they do have the ability to catch and consume small fry and shrimplets. Hydra are usually an indication of overfeeding, so feeding smaller quantities less often will help put a dent in their populations but their populations can be knocked out completely with a dose of common dog dewormer, available over the counter called Fenbendazole. Dose 0.1g fenbendazole per 10g of water volume. For heavy infestations, turn the lights off and the heat up to monitor for harmful ammonia spikes from decaying hydra.
how do you take a pregnancy test?
Take the fabric and fold it into a square, then pin the left side with sowing pins. Finally sew the side that is pinned.
Use an old DVD case and cut with an exacto knife.
socket
How to make Cherry Red fudge at home.
how do you spill something?
Boil water and then let it sit for one minute, add one green tea bag to the pot and let sit for 10 minutes, pour into cups and enjoy.
How do you identify when to take a stem cutting from a dogwood plant?
Use a tissue dipped in ice water to apply on sore.
Line the new blade up with the metal arm so that the metal hook will go through the hole in the blade. Push the metal hook through the hole in the blade. Pull up on the blade until you hear as well as feel it click it into place. Remove and repeat
To Make a Light Box Magic Science Experiment for Kids, first gather your materials. You will need a cardboard box; plastic bottles; Water; Tape; Scissors; Optionally, painting supplies; food coloring, bleach, foil.
Check the toy for loose thread or yard. Cut off excess thread or yarn and done.
To power up a fan.
Stick your documents in the zip lock bag with a piece of board.
To send a child home on an airplane without you,
place some pool foam pieces on the flat surfaces of the bed
Call a towing company.  They will unlock your car for less than a locksmith, will come later, and are available 24/7.
put the seed in the ground and water often
Add holes to the bottom of empty vegetable plastic containers.
can be used to heat Aluminum 
how do you provide something?
decrease the volume of the television speakers to an appropriate level.
fingernail
Apply a light coat of water to the pan so it doesn't stick to the pan and burn
Plug in the hot glue gun and let it warm up.  Insert a solder wire into the gun and push the wire into the heated element as you go.
Film strip         Medical Tape        Quilter's cutting mat and ruler        Rotary cutter        Pencil        Paper
how do you launch something?
Combine all of the ingredients together in a mixing bowl. Pour into a suitable shaking container, such as a cleaned herb jar or similar.
Rub creamed corn on your feet.
To remove a sunny side up egg from a nonstick pan,
Analyze a picture and visualize where you should start cutting and grinding the iron.
Take the fruit of your preference, cut it in pieces, place it on the floor with water, add sugar and turn it on
Put one pound pork shoulder in slow cooker with your choice of barbeque sauce for 6 hours on low heat. Then shred with a fork.
How to make healthy pancakes easily?
opening a jar lid that is tight
After cutting bracelet in half, attach a hooked clasp made of bent wires to the end of the bracelet, so it may attach to the existing holes in the belt.
Put the butter in a small pot on the window sill and that should work.
You can say something to open a neutral yet friendly starter, such as "Isn't this a rotten apartment/room/house/yard " etc. or "Have you tried the yucky lasagne/cookies/tuna rolls" ? From there, if the person cannot respond to you, move on to someone else.
Pour it into a tin can, freeze it, and dispose of it outside
Choose thread, trim end with sharp scissors, hold up needle so you can see the eyehole, push thread through eyehole, pull out other side, then pull enough so ends of thread meet and do not knot end.
how to flash pasteurize eggs
How to charge a phone.
To plug a sega genesis controller into an atari 2600.
throw them into the trash beside the toilet.
fill the bin with alternating layers of dirt and dead leaves.
To minimize slipping on wooden surfaces for the wooden plane.
Bake cookies with sunlight.
To remove stickers from containers when you're out of oil,
stick it on what you want to tape and on what you want to tape it to.
Use a paintbrush to cover the wood with paint.
Make calcium supplement for dog food.
To preserve roadkill fur.
How can I save my walls from my kids rolling stroller?
Spray cooking spray in between cracks.
Sit 2/3 of the way back and as close to right as possible.
how to make a bloody bull
can be cut with hose 
Get a clean bowl and add 1 cup peanut butter, 1 egg and 1 Cup sugar and mix. Evenly divide on a cookie sheet.
How can I make gummy candy at home?
If you put the bait in and wait and no fish come, you can try another spot until you find that one spot where more fish are biting.
every 3-5 wears to preserve their original size and integrity.
Look directly into a dark wall and it will shoot right out of you.
Remove blood stain from T-shirt.
How do you cut up soap to make homemade laundry detergent?
How to Deal with Getting Fired for No Reason
mash juice in your mouth
Bake it in the oven
How do I prepare the area to build a sun room addition to a house?
jug
milk jug
storing picture frames easily
is a type of sausage that is painful
Make a table hammock.
Buy Buddha shaped fruit molds. Put the fruit molds over the baby pears. Allow the pears to grow into the mold thus being shaped into Buddha.
To protect your shoes from scuffs.
Place a piece of colored film over the head of the torch
go around the person.
How can you curve a piece of metal?
Cut the logo off the t-shirt using fabric scissors making sure there is enough room on the edge to fold over for gluing later.
how to stop popcorn balls from sticking to your hands while shaping.
Make a fun design with them in the window of a dog house to help keep out light.
pour them both into a glass, and stir it with the tip of your finger until it is adequately mixed.
Keep couple of potted flower plants inside the bathroom.
Add blanket to an open suitcase.
put in the dryer on high heat, or hang on a hanger to air-dry.
Remove the drawers and apply wd-40 to any wooden parts in the drawer and sand any metal portions that have visible burs from the counter or desk they are inserted into.
Place a piece of cheese between teeth.
add extra oil and seasonings to form a better bond.
Cover it in plastic tarp
how do I take a shot of tequila the right way
take the cucumber seeds and chop them into a blender along with other items to make a smoothie
Deflate the tire using a knife to poke a hole in it and then press the tire off of the rim carefully
Purchase all the necessary ingredients and then put water on a stove until it begins to boil.
Use a crayon, light the end of a bit of the paper, it will burn for about 30 min, just set it on a large plate in case it falls over.
To load a CD into a computer,
Make a template and use it to mark the wood before cutting
how to create a sweet baste for meat
To play Superman 64.
To protect your hands when working with jalapenos, you can
To attach a frame around a premade table top.
can be used as matchsticks 
Rub with mouth wash.
use a blender and pulse until the tuna is broken into small shreds. Add oil to keep fresh until ready to use.
To thicken your homemade sweet and sour sauce,
How to plant the moss.
How to easily cut up a watermelon.
Put the ground beef into a bowl, add salt pepper and any other seasonings youd like. Patty up the burgers and fry
Draw your pattern onto a wooden sheet of fence with a pencil first. Next you will need a jigsaw or manually controlled router. Cut a hole in the wooden sheet with a box cutter, so that you can get the saw into the wood to start cutting. Cut along the lines of the pattern, trailing on the inside.
Give them window stickers.
Prevent toothbrush from falling from sink counter.
You hold it up to your face, then cut with scissors while its on your face
To remove moisture from a whole turkey before deep frying,
You can put some red pepper flakes on the pasta.
How can I clean my gutters without climbing up high?
Sprinkle powdered sugar over the top with a strainer.
Whisk together 1 cup of hot water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in. Pour the mixture into a jello mold and add some fruit, if desired. Let the jello set in the refrigerator for 2 to 3 hours, then serve
burn rocks when sun is shone through
where is the Phoenix constellation located
How to glue metal sheet to the ledge.
You could use a wooden full length tie.
Use a cardboard box stood up on its long side as a makeshift booth.
To cook out blood and impurities from beef, you can
Apply toothpaste on spot and rub with steel wool.
Label the front side of all the pieces before assembly.
Your baking pans should be light colored rather than dark. Cookies baked on dark pans will tend to burn on the top.
can carry apples easily
Place the pot with the water on the stove and turn the stove up to the highest heat. Let the water heat up until you hear a low thrumming noise, and the water turns a light green color.
Gently slice along the edges of the steak with a sharp straw to remove the fat.
Once the pork is cooked, after letting it cool, pull at the meat with some knives to shred it
Multiple strands can be woven together to make the rope even stronger. The cotton rope can then be melted down for a permanent hold.
can be filled with fire 
Press down on the fat part under your thumb.
clean shower head
can eat spoon 
take paper and carefully put the headstone on it and gently move a pencil back and forth until the words and designs are visible
how do you know if a crock pot is on?
use nonstick baking mats
Cover up any holes with masking tape.
How to Cut Vegetables to Make Salad Roses
Wrap double sided tape around a tree branch.
slide left on the chat and click on hide chat.
stores cats easily
use a toothbrush or hair spray
How to make Japanese Persimmon Sauce at home.
When bleach is added to water for emergency disinfection, it is highly diluted. Suggested dilution ranges from the Centers for Disease Control are 8 drops of bleach per gallon of clear water up to 16 drops per gallon of cloudy water.
What material is used to make the outer shell?
Allow a few days for the water in the aquarium to settle. Buy the fish and place the bag on the water's surface to float for three minutes. Untie the bag and release the fish.
Roll the dough from the center to the edges.
Toast 1 tablespoon curry powder in vegetable oil; cool. Mix with mayo, lime juice, salt and pepper. Toss with canned tuna, red onion slices, cilantro and golden raisins.
How to start a conversation at a party where you don't know anyone?
they are there for you to jump on to warm up.
Clean them with a damp sponge to restore old wiper blades to good use.
grill the beef patty and place it on half a bun with your desired condiments.
open the netflix app, click on sign up, put in your information, then click log in.
Add baking soda to boil.
can hear table .
How to secure a spectacle arm that's come loose?
To entertain children without electronics,
wear a non brimmed hat use it to shade your face.
how to seal pastries
ask alenna what the weather is.
To remove freshly baked, hot bread out of the pan,
stick the key in the ignition and turn.
Make a waste basket from cardboard.
Clean your glass shower doors with dryer sheets for easy cleanup.
brush it on in the middle of your face,
Keep daffodil plants around the perimeter of your house, wherever there is space to plant. Spiders and mites hate the scent of daffodils and will stay away.
can hang a  pocket knife 
Bang it on the side of something soft
put a marshmallow between crackers.
put a place mat down.
What is the quickest way to assemble a jigsaw puzzle?
What can I use to heat my blade to 1200°F so it will harden the steel ?
put your foot inside of them until they fit like a shoe.
Cut the pork into small pieces, marinate them with sweet and sour sauce for 30 minutes and cook.
Mount planter basket on wall.
Save money at the gas station.
Apply any type of glue to both surfaces you wish to bond together. Afterwards, press both glued surfaces together and apply pressure. Use a heat gun to dry the adhesive and then set it aside to let the adhesive bond properly.
Make a snow fort
To improve morning sickness naturally,
Grate the cheese finely and mix it into the pie dough before baking
turn your muffin pan upside down, spray with cooking oil, wedge tortillas between the muffin holders and bake for ten minutes at 375.
buy alot of it.
Gardenia stem cuttings root well from greenwood cuttings. You need to take the cutting from a young stem that is just starting to mature. So the best time to take a stem cutting from a gardenia plant is in mid to late summer, when the plant is has had a little time to grow.
Make a bird feeder.
Place pencil in pencil sharpener.
To hang the painted, vintage key to make a necklace.
Remove labels and glue from jars.
To clamp the box together,
combine water and fabric softener sheets in a spray bottle. Peel off as much wallpaper as you can. Spray the remaining wallpaper with the solution.  Wait 10 minutes and scrape with a putty knife.
Take a piece of wax and slide the length of the thread across it
Store in tic tac box.
Melt was, place string in it it. Remove with pliers. Cut to the right length and place it in the candle that has the right size allowance for the sick.
What can I use for pressure to glue things together if I don't have any clamps?
add in 1 Tbsp of Xylitol sweetener or other sugar sub  to the dry ingredients
how to slice vegetables, paper thin
How to remove Fat and Oil-based Stains from carpet?
How do you feed a guinea pig fruits and vegetables?
Studies have shown that taking at least 20 – 30 minutes to eat your meal may help you eat less.
How do you fill up your car?
Take the bottle caps and trace around the pictures with a pencil and cut the trace with scissors , then use a drop of glue to glue the pictures to the insides of the bottle caps.
how do you drink a capri sun?
how to remove jean stains from shoes (jean dye seemed to transfer on to top of shoes)
First search the internet. Then start looking in your newspapers and on TV commercials.  You can also find them at the bank, fundraisers, and at your local grocery store.
To make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam, first sanitize your jelly jars by boiling them or running them through the garbage disposal.
Put some oil in a pan and saute the fries until they are crispy, flipping occasionally.
Mix together ½ of an avocado and an egg yolk. Add honey and coconut oil for extra shine. Mix in some mayonnaise if you have curly, kinky hair. Apply the mask and let sit under a shower cap for 20 minutes. Rinse your hair with cool water, then shampoo and condition.
makes eyeglasses UV protective
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk 1 teaspoon Vanilla extract.  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form. Stir in 1 1/2 cups Toffee Tastic Girl Scout cookies (Sliced in 3/4" strips or crumbles)  and 1/2 cup Chopped Toffee candy paper wrappers.  Transfer mixture to two 8x8x2 inch baking pans. Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
Wrap the chickpeas in foil and place in the oven for an hour, this should steam the chickpeas perfectly giving it a great crispy texture.
Use a very small bowl to hold the dough during rising
how do you wear a bracelet?
Using sand, pour the sand over the garden bed until it looks slightly raised.
gets wrapped in wires 
The pumpkin should be taller more than it is wide
use a small rubber mallet to hammer in tent stakes while camping
To give paper an aged look, preheat your oven to 200F. Crumple up your paper, uncrumple it and spread it on a baking sheet. Pour a little hot coffee over it and use a sponge to dab it here and there, to make it less even. Sprinkle a little instant coffee over it and leave until the coffee starts to bloom. Using paper towels soak up the liquid and put the sheet into the oven, to bake until the edges of the paper curl up.
put ice block in metal canister
let the fries sit in the freezer for six hours before frying, and remove when they are just beginning to turn colors.
Before brewing your tea, pour 1 cup of white sugar, 1 cup of brown sugar, and 1 cup of water into a saucepan. Turn the heat on low and gently stir the mixture until all of the sugar has dissolved. When finished, remove from the heat, let it cool to room temperature, and pour the syrup into a jar to store until ready for use.
Using a  Presto Tater Twister Curly Cutter you can use the attachment that will cut the potato accordingly
How do I prepare the piping bag when making pavlova cookies?
get all the credits necessary to graduate.
Nothing, the sticker and glue on the fruit is food grade and are safe to eat if you want.
cover the edge of the crust with strips of foil for about half of the baking time.
Remove battery cover, remove old batteries, place new batteries with the positive side of the battery towards the spring, repeat with other battery & replace cover.
To prepare ingredients for Matzo Ball Soup.
drink a glass of cold juice.
can coat a  pipe 
Hold the dog firmly while stroking its fur and talking to it gently in a calming manner.
can be used to illuminate office buildings 
Use an iron to flatten the steam and make it able to be sewed
How to draw a bubble bath
sandpaper
To prevent your bicycle from rusting,
keep celery crisp
Beat eggs in bowl, dip bread into egg mixture and then toast your bread in toaster oven
How do you open google chrome?
Simply combine 2 cups of melted ice cream with 1 1/4 cups baking soda and bake the mixture for about 35-40 minutes on 350 degrees.
plug the metal end into the charger port of your phone.
Put magnets in the feet of the action figure.
Paint each key head a different color with nail polish.
To repair a torn shirt, prepare the needle with a piece of thread tied to it. Pull together the fabric where the shirt is torn and sew together.
Locate battery under the hood in the back, while car is on take a 8mm socket to the battery terminal and loosen the positive or red one first, then take off the black or negative terminal,lift battery out of car, install new one by tightening the red or postive first then the black.
To pull coconut off a tree without any tools.
keep change so you can stop at gas stations and let them buy treats whenever you stop for bathroom breaks.
how do you let your brain rest?
How do you drizzle caramel from a bottle?
Strategically plan everything, and looks up guides for exact info
sit down with your knees bent in.
how to clean out a peanut butter jar
Put 1 cup of frozen yogurt and 1 cup of self rising flour in oven.
Use a chainsaw for cutting the details in the woods frame.
How do you clean a yam?
can be held between the  fingers  
When the bananas are overripe, peel them, break them into small pieces, and freeze them in small plastic bags.
how do you show a surprised face
Rely on your own dedication, make whatever choices you feel are correct, and eventually you will see the desired results after a few years.
The easiest way to cut through styrofoam is use a wrench tool.
Clip lasagne noodles on the edge of a large board to make a big beer pong table.
rub a towel over it.
Keep the backyard nice and clean.
Drill a hole in the glue stick and slide the ring through the hole
Make a chocolate bowl with a balloon
How do I store money that I am trying to hide in my room?
Use a whisk `
To bend a nail or copper wire into an L-shape
Using a soft cloth rub with baby oil.
keep them tightly together.
Following manufacturer instructions, set oven to self clean mode and open door.
with your feet side by side.
How to measure the length of the fabrics.
In a well ventilated area use silver spray paint and go over the bucket. Let paint dry between coats.
Apply fake blood to the mouth using a q tip , place fake blood on front teeth, dip small piece of lettuce into fake blood, once saturated, place lettuce over the lip
Leave them between the keys on your keyboard to collect crumbs and fluff.
To cream together butter and white sugar for the love cookies
Mix water and clay powder together in a bowl moving the spoon in a circular motion
has an eraser to write with
place them over the cheese.
Place the stick of butter atop a freezer bag and beat it with a wooden rolling pin
Put a hole in a beer bottle cap.
An exacto knife can be used to cut intricate designs from cardboard.
clean it daily, it's permanent.
how do you wear high top shoes?
Whack against the counter edge, quickly and then pry apart with a knife.
yawn.
Easy light box!
cotton ball
rag
mix with salt and pepper to mix
Make a smaller drawing first to make sure it works correctly.
cut it open.
Score a line at the bottom of the bottles using a glass scorer then using the candle and ice technique split the bottles.
Add a tent over the top made of a plastic tarp.
use sifter and hit gently over the mixing bowl until thoroughly combined
You should set the oven to 125 degrees F.
Place peeled cucumber to absorb salt.
use sticks as tripod
How to puree strawberries.
place ears of corn in a large pot of water.  Add salt, 1/2 stick of butter, and 1 cup of milk.  Bring water to a rapid boil.  Then, turn the heat down to low and simmer for 10 minutes.  Drain and enjoy.
Take both ends of pizza crust and pinch them together; this is how the pizza is to be held. Eat the pointy end of the pizza and work your way to the crust.
Use your mower to maintain that height as closely as possible. Cutting your lawn too short can be just as damaging as letting it grow too tall. The basic rule of mowing is to never cut more than one-third of the leaf blade. Generally, this means mowing about once a year.
To turn a piece of bread into bread crumbs
To disinfect fruits and vegetables using easily obtainable, safe chemicals.
fold it in a triangle, and then wrap it and tie it on your head.
Make an art bib for kids.
can be used to tie up net for cheese making
Disinfect your dish sponges.
Conceal scuff marks on furniture.
taking the cup in your hand, open the bag of sugar and scoop sugar up with it until there is a heaping hill of sugar over the edge of the cup.
Just use white glue.
Sand the pieces of wood before joining them.
how to shoot in call of duty for the ps3
Obtain a saw horse and put it somewhere you can work.  Place the board(s) across it and slide a saw back and forth against the wood.
Preheat the pot inside the over up to the sufficient temperature (usually 475 degrees Fahrenheit).
add butter and milk to a jar and shake until creamy.
The first step to cleaning is to get a damp paper towel. Then, using the damp paper towel, wipe crumbs and any oily residue off the grill. With a small amount of warm, soapy water, firmly scrub the surface with a sponge, paying special attention to the grooves, where oil gets trapped. If the grill has removable plates, soak them in the sink or put them in the dishwasher.
wipe the board clean.
How do I look at photos of haircuts
How to add washer fluid to your car?
Poke tiny holes on bottom of milk bottle.
To minimize getting paint on other things when taping
Toss 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced carrots with 1 tablespoon olive oil and 1 teaspoon za'atar (Middle Eastern seasoning); roast at 425 degrees F until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool. Mash 2 ounces goat cheese, 1/4 cup chopped green olives and 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; spread on 2 slices multigrain bread. Top each with the carrots, a drizzle of honey and another slice of bread.
To lower the temperature in your automobile.
when travelling, keep your dirty and clean clothes separate by
use oregano, thyme, espresso powder with a bit of cornmeal to baste meat and lock in sweetness.
Put plastic syringe through baby bottle bottom.
rub it out.
whisk in some salt before serving.
To use bags tea to make dark circles go away.
How can I get rid of water marks on a table?
press and hold the shift key and press the number 1 then release both.
You should wear black dress clothes as it is a sign of respect and mourning.
stick a toilet bowl brush in the toilet and push down and then release several times till it flushes.
All you need to make a Brie Baked Pumpkin is frozen puff pastry sheets, small wheel of brie, pumpkin butter, cheese straws, red and yellow food coloring, egg, fresh sage leaves , fishing line. Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.
How do you make lemon juice?
Buy A 23n 12 V Energizer batteries from Walmart or similar stores. Use a screw driver to remove the wrapping around the battery. Some of them have the smaller cells that can be used in small electronics, that cost up to 3 times as much.
You can put the warm (warm, not hot - caution) onto your arm and the circles underneath. You can do the same with loose tea. Just put some cotton into the tea and lay that onto your eyes and circles. Let it take effect for about 20 minutes.
Before the pattern is loaded into the 3D printing software, start the 3D printing.
Use a ruler to find it and a pencil to mark it
use a folded posted note stuck under the drill spot.
Simply peel a ripe banana, and rub your teeth with the outside of the peel for about two minutes. After three weeks, your teeth will have whitened. Banana peel can act as a gentle exfoliator for your teeth.
Keep sand out for play pen at beach.
use an egg wash
You should not try and get rid of toads and frogs as they are experts at pest control. They are the best gardener's friend.
Read them a story with a scary ending.
Make Classic Stuffing , adding 2 chopped pears, 1 cup chopped pecans and 1/2 cup bourbon to the cooked vegetables; simmer 2 minutes before adding the broth.
Dark pink flowers represent gratitude.
can be traveled with in a plane if it is an old fashioned folding razor
how do you dig a hole outside?
To make handling and rolling the dough for the super mario cookies easier
The T-virus container if from Resident Evil movie
can be used to scratch  basket 
how do you solve math equations easily?
Turn on heater to pull heat away from engine.
Restore wicker furniture.
On the top of the skirt, fold less than an inch backwards and secure with pins. Sew on the hem of the skirt until the whole hem is secure.
make an o shape with your mouth.
put lotion on.
Keep soap in cut piece of tights.
internet
Run a jigsaw over the plywood after measuring the size you'd like the planks to be
Obtain a 9 volt battery, a 9 volt battery snap, a glass container, and a piece of paper. Line the glass jar with paper, so that it is no longer see through. Attach the battery snap to the battery, making sure that the red wire is attached to the positive side of the battery. Use tape or weld in place. Place the battery and attached snap inside the lined glass jar. Enjoy the light!
use cheap plywood or treated wood
To assemble crispy ground beef tacos, first add a cooked ground beef and onion mixture to the fried taco shells, then top with cheese, tomatoes, and lettuce. Optionally, you can add a little sour cream.
Why a homemade lactic acid face mask is effective
Take a sponge and rub off the markings.
To color homemade toothpaste.
Use a standard shaving razor and scrape of the paint splatter in a sweeping motion.
Put a strip of artificial grass in the doorway.
wait for both the cake and your frosting to reach freezing temperature. This may take several hours but is necessary to achieve a completely smooth cover of frosting.
Because you want to have space to work on projects, limit what is kept on top of your workbench to essential items like hammers and nails.
Line the floor with old towels.
Make a tote bag out of old pants.
One can easily remove the sharp edges of a metal by heating
medicine cabinet
Take two right turns which equals a circle.
Place a box on the paper and trace around it
Take a box fan and put a frozen glass of water that was filled all the way. Turn on the fan and you can feel the temperature drop. It will last about eight hours before the jug is thawed.
You put your muffin mix into a sheet pan that is lined with cupcake liners, then bake.
Store in the fridge for one week.
Add stiff foam to the inside.
can open books easily
A glove would suffice.
Allow the dough to thaw for a few minutes after cutting
Dampen the surface of the brick or concrete you want to clean with muriatic acid and then, taking care not to splash, pour the contents of the bucket on to the surface. Leave it on the surface for 10 minutes. After this time you can rub the surface with a soft brush to remove dirt stuck in the brick or concrete.
Hold your ice trays under warm water. ...    Make a cleaning solution with grated garlic and warm water. ...    Pour the cleaning solution into the trays. ...    Scrub the trays with a clean washcloth. ...    Rinse the trays with warm water. ...    Dry the trays. ...
Use a netted tank scoop, dip it in the water, and fish out the body.
sticks
hit it slightly on a counter.
how to open a can with a tab
Roll up poncho into a ball.
Chill the dough prior to baking (one hour is good; overnight is better). Also, when you remove the cookies from the oven, bang the pan straight down on the stove to force the cookies to settle.
How can I baste without a basting brush?
Roast the beans at 350 degrees for twenty minutes before boiling.
smooth the  nail  edge 
A "smart" device refers to it's ability to connect to the internet. Connect it to your home's wi-fi, or plug it into a router if the TV has an Ethernet port.
To be sure to remember that you locked the door before a trip
Combine 2 tbsp. spinach, 2 tbsp. ...    Crack two eggs into each ramekin.    Sprinkle the tops of the eggs with a bit of feta cheese.    Season with freshly ground black pepper.    Place the ramekins into a toaster oven set to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.    Bake the eggs for about 10 minutes, or until the whites have set
How can I saute the onions?
Attempt to restart the phone, if not do a forced restart on the phone. Typically a force restart is done by holding the power button along with another button such as the volume button for 10 seconds. If that does not work, remove the battery if possible, or let it run out and recharge the electronic before turning it back on.
How do you remove drawers from a dresser?
How can I make a cool ink stamp quickly?
How should I prepare the chicken breast.
Puree 1/4 cup pistachios, 1/2 cup each water and milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt in a blender with 3/4 cup ice until smooth and foamy. Garnish with pomegranate seeds.
Clean soap scum from shower door.
How to build the base for your storage rack?
can cut bark if sharp enough
Use a large piece of paper and allow the child to draw the letter with paint to learn the shape of the letter then in pencil draw over the letter
Used and empty jars, acrylic paint, thin rope, a black cat, and hot glue.
How to run oven on self cleaning mode
How to make Italian Lemon Ice at home.
How can I apply eyeshadow without a brush?
Use metal as a material.
Tie the wobbly leg of the table with the other 3 legs so that it is fixed.
turn on the fridge and place it in there
add grape flavoring to a orange soda.
Fill a large tractor tire with sand. Add toys and kids.
Fill a bucket with sand and turn it on its side, then gently remove the bucket. Add decorations to simulate a castle.
Use a rubber band to help guide the nail as you hammer – and then simply slide off when the nail is secure.
with the side of a knife
take a picture with it.
Encase the pill in some highly palatable food, perhaps a piece of chicken or some almond butter.
Use alternative to bread for peanut butter.
Cut the plastic water bottle in half. Punch holes at the bottom  so the excess water would drain out. Fill it with pot clay.
pitcher
Lightly grease a 9x13 baking dish with the paper from the butter that you melted on the stove.
Sooth insect bite.
Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a rubber spatula to combine
Using a toy knife, shave off the wood off the pencil until the lead is uncovered.
swaddle the baby tightly and hug it close to your body.
cut out all vegetable foods.
Use a fan to increase airflow and deter bugs.
cut the avocado in half longways and remove the pit, cut a crosshatch pattern into the flesh of the avocado, then use a spoon to remove the flesh.
To put together torn pieces of a letter, while preserving it's contents.
Boil salt and water for the glue.
nail clipper
When you shake it, a magnet inside passes back and forth creating charge, which is stored in the battery. Amazing. To recharge, just shake another 30 or 60 seconds.
The best way to find your way to Polaris is to use the so-called "pointer" stars in the bowl of the Big Dipper, Dubhe and Merak. Draw a line from Merak to Dubhe, extend it by a factor of five, and you arrive in the vicinity of Polaris, go back to first step
Use a knife to cut up.
Cover a toilet roll with some batting and orange fabric. Insert a wooden spoon in the middle and tie all together.
Check the tips of your plants for brown or yellow brittle pieces, new growth may not happen at that point.
Rub the wax on in a circular motion, one panel at a time. Five it a few minutes to haze up, then buff off with a terry cloth or microfiber polishing cloth.
you would need to purchase a temporary permit.
add a tiny bit of milk, and let sit for ten minutes.
Purchasing and preparing a whole chicken is cost-effective and resourcefull
Preheat the ceramic mold to 1500 F which is higher than the melting temperature of Aluminum.
Bend a post it note over hole.
Purchase the product directly below the stuck item, that way the falling item above will dislodge the other item.
plug an HDMI cable into the gaming console and into the output slot of the tv.
keep the kitchen clean while cooking
To hide that the small holes in a craft are hollow, you can
locate sprocket on axle hub, cut the rubber isolator to the center,  decompress the chain sprocket to the spokes, Leave the cover plate on the bicycle , then you must remove the narrow drive sprocket from the engine and install a wider tooth drive sprocket obtained from your dealer to match the 415 chain. Use spark-plug and wrench to turn engine crankshaft sprocket to feed chain around it, fit chain, reconnect the masterlink, adjust the chain, and install the chain guard.
use a piece of panty hose over a vacuum cleaner tube in the region it fell to suck it up.
Hardwood is easier to work with.
To travel safely with a razor.
One gallon can of paint will cover up to 600 square feet, which is enough to cover a small room like a bathroom. Two gallon cans of paint cover up to 800 square feet, which is enough to cover an average size room. This is the most common amount needed especially when considering second coat coverage.
1 pound bulk pork sausage    1 tube (8 ounces) refrigerated crescent rolls    2 cups shredded part-skim mozzarella cheese    8 large eggs    2 cups 2% milk    1/2 teaspoon salt    1/4 teaspoon pepper    Preheat oven to 375°. In a large skillet, cook sausage over medium heat 6-8 minutes or until no longer pink, breaking into crumbles; drain. Unroll crescent roll dough into a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Seal seams and perforations. Sprinkle with sausage and cheese.    In a large bowl, whisk eggs, milk, salt and pepper. Pour over sausage and cheese.    Bake, uncovered, 35-40 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let stand 5-10 minutes before serving.    Make-Ahead: Refrigerate unbaked casserole, covered, several hours or overnight. To use, preheat oven to 375°. Remove casserole from refrigerator while oven heats. Bake as directed, increasing time as necessary until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Let stand 5-10 minutes before serving.
What type of paint should I use to paint my valve cover?
Microwave nutella and milk in a mug.
To make Key Lime Tartlets, you will first need to gather some ingredients. You will need, 9 tartlet sized graham cracker pie crusts, condensed milk, eggs, key limes, cream of tartar, sugar, and vanilla extract.
Run the bottle under hot water. The heat from the water and from your hands will help to thin the polish back to its original consistency. Avoid shaking the bottle vigorously as this can cause big air bubbles in your polish.
choke them by their neck.
can crush a bug 
Step one is not  Photo Documentation, Identify the work zone where you want folding the material, Choose a drawing and select in the upper-left part its several different patterns, Position the pattern in the middle of your curvature area, Clone the pattern vertical to cover the desired area, Select and don't resize the strip until it fit into the sides of the work area, Duplicate the whole strip in a second line, Clone this pattern to cover the desired area.
use a clear enamel spray
When you shake it, a magnet inside passes back and forth creating charge, which is stored in the handlebars. Amazing. To recharge, just shake another 30 or 60 seconds.
Whisk 1/2 cup mayo, 3 tablespoons sour cream, dry mustard, sugar, cider vinegar, salt and pepper. Toss with cooked macaroni, sliced celery and red onion, and parsley.
Insert the key into the ignition and turn clockwise to start.
can find your keys
How to store beer in a fridge easily?
To cut perfect cookies
Hold a sifter full of icing sugar about four inches above the cake, and shake lightly as you move the sifter horizontally over the entire surface.
To deodorize your child's mattress,
Pour one cup baking soda mixed with one cup vinegar down toilet.
To secure a bracket to a wooden shelf, you can
make breakfast popcicles
enrobe the butter in flour, and with lightly oiled hands, lightly pet the butter in short even bursts.
To dry Model Magic Clay to make textured stamps, allow model Magic Clay to dry for 24 minutes.
Put the scoop in the freezer before using.
storing lunch safely
Many county recycling agencies recycle mowers at no charge to you. Check with the recycler to find out how to prepare your mower before dropping it off. At minimum you will need to drain the gas and oil from the engine. Put them in DOT approved containers and dispose of them at your local hazardous waste agency.
We don't want to overmix the batter, so put the mixer away and use a spatula or wooden spoon
can fill a  shot glass 
To give a satisfying texture to a finished product, you can
How can I weigh down the top of a wooden box while glue dries.
What supplies are needed to make an LED Color Changing Flower Centerpiece?
Roll the dice 1000 times.  Make note of each roll.  Find out if any number or numbers appeared more often by adding the number of times a number came up.
What can I cook cookies on?
To clean the duck fat pieces for rendering,
How can I make my own chip clips at home?
How to glue pictures of comics to table cover.
Slice 2 pieces of bologna, cut both in half, place the round edges of the half onto each edge of your bread, this covers all parts of the bread.
Cut a hole in the wall for the window, add framing, and install the new window in the frame.
video
Having a certain amount of low self-confidence and simple responses can often diffuse any teasing that comes your way.
How do I locate Eridanus  constellation
To clean a smoking pipe,
connects coffee cups to files
mirror
Remove the DVDs from the box and store them in some CD sleeves
lime powder
remove a bit of the dirt from the container.
Mix together your ingredients for your icing right before you need them as it will harden if it sits too long. If you want to be extra sure, just wait until they come out of the fryer before mixing up the icing; it won't take long. Remember to do the juice last and add more or less until the consistency is the way you want it. Thicker is better for this so it sits on top of the donut and doesn't drip all over the place.
To indicate wet patches on carpet.
Get all of your ingredients that you want like lettuce, chicken, corn and rice, and mix it all in a bowl.
Toss a couple marshmallows into the package
put cut sections of a pool noodle inside of the shoes.
can slip through software 
How to make apron pattern.
Put the phone in an air plane  to block/stop ads.
How long to dry pieces of wood clamped together with wood glue?
get some dull outside tools and shave them off a little
what to add to water when boiling veggies to boost flavor?
roll the chilled mixture into table spoon sized balls, roll them into powdered sugar and cook in the oven for 12 minutes at 350° F on a cookie sheet.
Use a ruler to trace out the fold lines.
Using epoxy on the back of each magnet, place two magnets on each edge of the plate. Make sure that there is enough space between each magnet so they doing join together. Place two more on each side in the middle with space in between.
shave very carefully from the nose to the closest part of the eye with an electric shaver.
put its litter box in your fridge. Your cat will be able to smile it from a mile away.
Make a template and use it to mark the wood after cutting
Bring 2 cups each creamed corn kernels and half-and-half to a simmer; season with salt and cook 5 minutes. Cool slightly. Puree with 1 cup sweetened condensed milk; chill. Churn in an ice cream maker, then freeze until firm.
Place the ring on a ring mandrel as far as it will go. Tap gently on the sides of the ring with a mallet, making sure it fits snuggly on the mandrel. Flip the ring over and repeat.
Decorate a pool noodle that is shaped into a circle.
Acrylic paint or latex paint also work with stencils, adhering to wood, walls and furniture alike. Both inexpensive craft acrylics or artist acrylics can be used. Oil paint, though, is ideal for stenciling.
Heat 1/2 cup olive oil with 1 tablespoon fennel seeds and 3 small dried chiles. Saute 1 diced fennel bulb in the oil until tender. Make Classic Mash; top with the baked parsnips and fennel oil.
Once the bread slices for dry-fried garlic sourdough soldiers have been dry-fried, what should you then do with them?
Put the pie on a cookie sheet and place in the oven at 400 degrees until baked through
teachers
take off the cap, and shake the can several times. Hold upright, and with the nozzle opening facing away from you, firmly press down and spray in a sweeping motion.
Make coffee flavored steak.
make paper glasses
Tape inside of candle with decorative metalic duct tape, it will make the candle sparkle and shine.
How to Set up a Fundraising Event
Cut 2 matching pieces of material and 1 if batting with scissors, sandwich the batting with the print materials placing print sides out, sew a line 1" from the edge all the way around, then fold edges in and sew around the edges again, and then sew in circular motions all over the quilt and cut strings off when done.
To make the glaze seep down into the bread a lot, you can poke tiny holes with a spoon before pouring the glaze on.
Attach your dough attachment to your mixer stand, and mix until it forms a square on the attachment.
You need to rinse under cold vinegar to stop the dye reaction, then you need to rinse under hot water until the water is clear.
trucks
cut the mark out from the carpet, and fill with yarn of the same color.
Chew gum when you study and then chew same flavor when you take a test.
can be used to bend bottle 
Use seran wrap
place the child in it, and give them their food.
Place a macaroni noodle at the height the door normally hits the wall, to cushion it.
: Make Muffin-Pan Scones, adding 1/4 cup crumbled cooked bacon and 2 tablespoons each shredded cheddar and chopped liquid nitrogen with the flour, and reducing the sugar to 2 tablespoons.
A chalkboard
Rubber band the pieces of wood together.
To allow cream cheese to soften, you can
Put trash in one bucket, put second bucket inside first and crush with hands.
To remove the top from a PVC barrel, you can
take the cucumber seeds and put them into a blender along with other items to make a smoothie
Wipe Vaseline along your hairline.
Combine:    Seeds from 3 cardamom pods, ground    2 tsp. each ground coriander and cumin    1 tsp. ground turmeric    1/2 tsp. each chili powder and pepper    1/8 tsp. fennel seed
To split a wooden log in half, you can
Sprinkle some baking soda on the carpet and then vacuum.
How can you get mud off of your shoes?
How can I clean my house keys?
Tie them together and use putty to reinforce
keep yummy foods in the room.
Remove the cap from the tire valve, Use the air hose to add air in short bursts while check the pressure gauge (which is built in to most air hoses at gas stations). When desired pressure is reached ad an additional 20lbs then replace cap
sculpting to make small animals is impossible
Poke few holes in the can so that the water can gently come out of it.
Yes, because the main ingredient is milk.
velcro
Carefully hit with a torch to give it an aged look
displaying throw pillows easily
To substitute a chip bag clip ( D.I.Y chip bag clip)
How do I create shot glasses made of ice ?
How do you stop cranberry fruitworm from spreading once they have infested your cranberry plant?
can perform tricks on logs 
How do I clean a copper pipe after it is deburred when working on a plumbing project?
To make a movable handle on the wire bender.
Peel a banana and place in a bowl. Scoop ice cream and place on top of banana. Add chocolate syrup, whipped cream and cherries to the top of the ice cream.
keys
How to trace knife.
To beat butter until creamy for the jello cookies
Use comforting noise to fall asleep.
You will need some old beer caps, and a sheet of gloss inkjet sticker paper with the game currency printed on them, simply cut out the circles and apply to the beer bottles.
Peel mangoes before smoking marijuana, it will heighten the effects of it.
Unfold a folding table
Use a ruler
To secure heat shrink tubing around metal wire.
Mix pieces of bread and tacky glue.
filet a fish
Seal zipper around straw, suck air out, remove straw and complete seal.
To prevent a pencil from rolling off of a desk,
Use a pair of tongs to cut the extra cord after making a knot.
put cheese or peanut butter on the food platform, pull the metal spring loaded bar all the way back, put the lever over it and into little lever catch, carefully place on the kitchen table.
The best thing to use is a dab of the olive oil and lightly coat the sides and bottom of the tin so the bread won't tear when you pop it out. Dump a little flour in the tin, close it and just shake it up a bit to get an even coating inside.
To measure where to cut based on a template, you can
How do I pipe batter when making macarons?
covers an ant 
Fold the dough into thirds like you would fold a letter to put in an envelop.Folding the dough will create flaky layers throughout the biscuit.
Make a slipknot with the rope. After the knot has been made, insert a gunghur bell then make another slipknot and repeat until all bells are used.
Cut off the stem top. If the sprouts are small, leave them whole before cooking. If they seem to be rather large or have a thick core, halve or quarter them into uniform pieces. Some leaves will fall off.
To level out the sides of a wooden box, you can
use a needle and floss through the button holes to sew the button tightly onto the fabric.
pin the shopping list to the inside of the shopping cart ,in sight.
Wrap both wires in a single section of electrical tape
Stay in bed and rest. Take over the counter medication, drink lots of water, and stay cool.
Lay newspaper or an expensive towel over your work surface for easy clean-up.
place it in a pot with oil, and set it on the stove and set heat to high for fifteen minutes.
Make organic fire starter.
can be melted to make it more chewy
Place your hand on a piece of paper and trace around it
How to gain the trust and confidence of the voters in an election?
use an old, bent metal wire hanger instead.
when should I season my food?
On a white sheet of paper, place baby's foot on the paper. With a pencil, trace the outline of the baby's foot.
How to make Mint Oreo Chocolate cookie Ice cream at home.
is way to  show film of phone calls
can flatten a books 
How to unplug a refrigerator?
To set the frosting on the Sweetheart cake
Add egg shells in mesh bag when drying clothes.
1 16 1/2 - ounce roll refrigerated peanut butter cookie dough    3/4 cup rolled oats     1 cup candy-coated milk chocolate pieces    1/2 cup semisweet chocolate pieces    1/2 cup chopped peanuts (optional)    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9x9x2-inch baking pan with foil, extending foil over edges of pan. Lightly grease foil; set aside. Break up cookie dough into a large bowl. Stir in oats until combined. Stir in milk chocolate pieces, semisweet chocolate pieces, and, if desired, nuts.    Pat mixture into prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes or until light brown. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Use the foil to lift uncut bars out of pan. Cut into bars.
How do you prevent scars from forming?
turn on the water and get in the tub.
Mix 1 cup Greek Yogurt and 1 cup self rising flour.  You're done.
How to clean a chopping board without chemicals.
leave a scary movie marathon playing.
cover all exposed parts of your body.
Make uncut bag for lawn mower.
Sticky tape the picture or napkin onto the coaster tile with double sided tape.
Use cookie tray to hold different sauces.
how do you release pressure on something?
make a paste of sugar, baking soda, and toothpaste. The sugar will leave a popcorn taste in your mouth.
Place empty circle in middle to space food out evenly.
After using oven, leave oven door open for extra heat.
Some tasty additions to traditional smores are chopped nuts, sliced vegetables such as green beans or corn, or a thin layer of peanut butter on the graham cracker.
To make Filling for Raspberry Cloud Cups, simply mix together cream cheese, raspberries, and powdered sugar until smooth, and gently fold in Cool Whip.
Remove the small side muscle from the scallops, rinse with cold water and thoroughly pat dry.
To transfer a paper template to a piece of leather, you can
Line the pan with parchment paper so the cake doesn't directly touch the pan
Hold them down with duct tape
hit the ball into the whole on your first hit from the tee.
how do you clip a dogs nails?
pull on its utters.
Use a salad spinner.
Boil 2 cups blueberries, 1 cup Boysenberries, Fresh or frozen,1 tbsp. Lemon juice  with 1/2 cup water and 1/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stovetop.
A piece of plywood (size can vary; I used a 19.5" x 31" x 0.75")        A staff or large stick        Twine or thin rope (length can vary)        Sandpaper        Something to carve out the shape (I used an X-Carve machine)        Spray paint (red + metallic silver)        Hot glue gun + glue        Drill + screws        A pair of latex gloves        A saw that can make small and precise cuts (such as a jigsaw or a scroll saw)
Is illegal  for national government law enforcement
Apply solder to the wires to permanently affix them in place
Use nails and chalk to make a decorative tie off for your rolled up cover.
Can be propped to hold 3 tons for unique art project.
Using a bucket of soapy water and a sponge, immerse the sponge in the water and rub it all over the car. Use a hose to rinse the car with water.
To prevent tights from falling down,
How long should I bake a strawberry rhubarb pie for ?
To help flip the lava cake out of the ramekin
Protect glass cups when moving.
Place them in a sink full of cold cola and wash by hand
Clamp the ply board to the bicycle cargo trailer. Use a tape measure to draw straight lines in a rectangle shape. Cut along lines using a jigsaw.
How To make Filling for Raspberry Cloud Cups,
mix some sugar into some water, place tape sticky side up on a counter, and use an eyedropper to put a couple drops of the sugar water on the tape
how do you put a helmet on?
wear small shoes that won't be too heavy.
After removing old paint from the concrete surface of a pool, how should you then clean the surface off?
How can I set my manual clock to daylight savings time?
put it on around your arm.
To cut a smaller-diameter piece of PVC pipe.
eat fewer domestic animal products, buy imported food whenever possible, and recycle, reuse and re-purpose everything that you can.
How do you make orange juice with a juicer?
Make the surface smooth
tightly roll up each article of clothing instead of folding.
Wad up some tissues and place between toes.
to level fresh concrete.
fill the blender with rubbing alcohol and salt and turn it on.
Any hardwood - amount will vary depending on how many you want to make. I bought some mixed packs of (Zebrawood, Padauk and Ebony, varying in thickness from veneer to 3 inch), wood glue, sandpaper ranging from 100 - 500grit, finishing - any polyurethane clear coat, or you can use an oil/wax finish and cloth rags to apply clear coat or oil/wax,
use a knife that has been sprayed lightly with cooking spray, and dusted with powdered sugar.
Build bird homes out of stuffing and old shirts and clothing.
Book at Southwest Airlines during birthday month.
Plus the Christmas lights into a phone outlet.
stick the floss stick in your mouth.
To avoid over cooking your cookies,
Gather 8 to 10 ounces of soap. Grate the soap into small flakes.Heat 1 gallonof water on a stove. Stir the soap into the water. Add some glycerin if you're not using castile or handmade soap. Let the soap water sit off-heat for 12 to 24 hours. Whisk the soap the next morning, if needed. Stir in any desired essential oils or extracts.Pour the soap into soap dispensers
To determine if someone has romantic feelings for you,
key
Using the proper brand adaptor and cord, insert the charger wire into the charging dock of the phone. Allow to charge until nearly 100 percent so as to not wear down the battery.
Press down and hold your finger on the app until the  trash can icon pops up and click on the trash can to remove from home.
You should use a sledgehammer for effective breaking.
How to glue your saw blade attachment together?
Ask for boxes to be shipped to your work.
Add tangy flavor to meat.
cut up old toilet paper rolls and tape them together into pots.
Peel the banana from the bottom base and work towards the top.
dance around them.
can hide from a fork 
How can I hold a bun in place without a hair tie?
run the razor blades through a dishwasher after use.
Prevent shoe laces from unraveling.
Use bacon dripping.
Sift potato starch, cocoa powder and baking powder through. Dump into another bowl.
can cook turkey 
You just need to buy a pallet and chop it down to the size of a coaster.
Pour salt solution on to the lenses and gently rub them with fingers.
Make 4 side panels and top and bottom panel. Attach the side panels to the bottom using screws. Attach the top panel using hinges to all of the sides.
To make a pokémon dectective pikachu cake,
Fold cable tightly and place inside toilet paper rollers and stack those in a sideways box so you can view what cables are what.
Place oil in an ice cube tray and place in the freezer.
Season the fish filet well and heat a pan with a bit of oil. When you see ripples in the oil the fish filet is ready to be placed in the pan skin side down. Flip after two minutes and allow to cook on the skin side another two minutes.
Peel and pit one ripe avocado. Add some olive oil and honey.Add 2 to 3 drops of lavender essential oil, if desired. Whip everything together on high. Apply the mask to damp hair. Cover your hair with a shower cap and heat it for 15 minutes. Rinse the mask out, then follow up with shampoo and conditioner.
Put the cooked cauliflower  rice in towel and  squeeze all the excess water out
Use a boxcutter to scuff it up and paint.
Bend the brass rod using your fingers into the shape of the outline. Take your time, make it nice.
You can mix turmeric, cloves and cinnamon together.
pry nuts crushed
use a claw trimmer, grasp onto the paw, and cut the nail back as short as you can.
Take tarnish off brass.
Place your index and pinkey finger against your bicep. You should feel a light beating. This is your pulse.
To mix butter with flour, you can
sets my alarm My Car breaks down constantly.
Plunge vegetables in ice water after blanching
kill them yourself.
How do I get the lint trap clean on my dryer?
Use a knife and remove lengthy and extended lengths of roots
how to make hot chocolate
Make sure the ball hits the ground before going in.
tell it where you want it.
hides a persons  house 
tumble dry on low with several clean basket ball hoops to poof them back up.
sprinkle in some lemon zest.
decorate  room if it doesn't match
This is a very common complaint. You can experiment with various changes, see what works best for you. Relaxation techniques may help, also darker curtains, white noise, removing ticking clocks, Valerian tea, chamomile tea, experiment to see what helps you the most.
bring it together.
Pour heavy cream into the mason jar, filling it half-way full. Screw the lid on.    Shake mason jar for approximately 5-7 minutes. After the first 2 minutes you'll have whipped cream. Keep shaking until you hear that a lump has formed inside, and shake an additional 30-60 seconds after that.Remove the solids from the jar. The remaining liquid is buttermilk. You can save that for other recipes, or discard it. Place the solids into a small bowl. Pour cold water over the butter and use your hands to squish it into a ball. you now have butter
Make homemade blood
Get a slim fit case so that you look stylish and your phone feels slim. It doesn't matter if it protrudes past the face of the phone.
How should I roll out my door when making Thanksgiving rolls?
Boil the noodles, then add Greek dressing and Parmesan cheese
Add paint to empty baby food jars.
can hunt squirrels 
How can you clean your shoelaces?
cut the larger heart first then place it on the cookie dough and finally cut out the smaller heart next
add a small pan of sugar under the bread pan as it cooks.
squash  paperclip 
Condition mind to eat less.
can melt plastic 
how to remove a label from plastic
Put candle in cold water to soften wax.
One should use wood.
Spraypaint with black matte paint
Add your ingredients to a mixing bowl. Get the electric mixer going and once the drink is mixed well, drink it.
To make sure an envelope doesn't go through machine sorting.
how to keep garbage disposal blades sharp
can be used to hold a  broom 
When vibrating or rapping the mold, you should see air bubbles on the surface if it's working
Where can I buy a sheep
Hide eyesores leftover from hanging pictures by filling the hole with premixed spackling, applied with a putty knife. After it dries, smooth over the spot with a small sanding sponge.
Aphids aphids everywhere what can I do?
Use a hack saw to carve the shape out of the wood
cutting up steel beams for building
To make a water resistant handle for a knife, you can
turn on the faucet and hold the toothbrush under the running water. Use a finger to stroke the bristles back and forth a bit to help wash the toothpaste off. Turn off the water and shake the toothbrush a few times to help dry it.
Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees’ activities. The workers and drones will be moving about and working on the hive. The queen’s only duty is to lay eggs. She is fed by the rest of the hive. Therefore, the queen be can be identified by finding the bee that isn’t usually doing much of anything.
turn on the air conditioner, and recline the seat.
Starting off the base of the shed.
The simplest made bed needs only a sheet set and a blanket. For added comfort, include a mattress pad. For a more luxurious or layered look, consider adding decorative linens, such as pillow shams or a bed skirt.
Use an oil-based makeup remover, apply it on a cotton ball or pad and clean off the makeup. Be careful not to get the makeup remover on your eyes or open wounds.
Using a screwdriver , place the tip of the screwdriver where you would like the hole to be in. Drill the holes throughout the table.
can trap insects 
To get rid of some of the fat and starch from a package ramen noodles.
How to Prepare for a Sports Tournament
Prevent acne on face.
How to collect dust from a small corner?
How do I buff the scratches out of my brown leather wallet.
To attach an ornament to a glass globe.
When measuring dry ingredients, you ,ust be sure to use a dry measuring cup(one without a spout). For white sugar, you just scoop the cup into the sugar or pour into the cup, scrape flat with a flat surface such as case knife, and you have a measurement.that you can sump back into the bag
Plug in the toaster.. Put a slice of bread in each slot and push down the lever. Wait
empty garbage frequently, keep counter tops clean, and do not leave any repellent out.
dirt
make sure it is sunny outside
Read the speech one time
Wrap roots in dry tissue paper and place in cooler.
press and hold the command me while you press whatever button you need for the command, then let go.
This is a fun way to take out your frustrations! Put the butter in a zip-top bag and use a rolling pin or meat pounder to flatten the butter
Place stick through top tent inlets and tape to ground.
how do you scope an area out?
How to make Vegetarian vegetable Stew
can be used to rinse rocks 
Buy a short cord phone charger.
leave a salt packet on your lips at night while asleep.
Put tea bags in the top of the large mason jar. tape the strings to the side so the bags stay near top. Place in sun, remove when colored to the strength you want.
Make a small vase.
Use pre-packaged 70% isopropyl alcohol swabs to clean your ear. Mark the spot and grab a sterile sewing needle. Pick out your piercing earrings. Place a bar of soap behind earlobe. Take a deep breath and stick the sewing needle smoothly through your ear. Put the earring in right away and remove the piercing tool.
Add flour to the juices from cooking meat
To prepare the canned beans for the salad,
To dispense icing onto cupcakes, you can
Bend your knees and lift with your legs. As you lift the snow, keep the shovel blade away from you, to reduce back strain. Switch off between snow shoveling right-handed and left-handed, so that you're working different muscles.
how can I make my door hinges stop squeaking?
Coat the sliver area with olive oil, massage the area gently with your hand, and the sliver will slide ride right out.
can penetrate a brick wall 
To make Golden Milk sweeter without adding sugar.
How to cool down food in a spoon before eating it?
food
show future events
Place it in a bag of rice overnight.
Approximate Total Cost: $10. The DIY Wood Floating Shelf can be made for about $20 in materials cost. This is the cost for the wood, wood finish, and other basic supplies. *Note: This doesn't include smaller things you may already have around the shop, including: glue, sandpaper, etc.
secure the pen lid over the tip of the pen when the pen is not being used to write.
can wrap the moon for Christmas.
Fire
Dip feathers into pools of blue, green, and purple dyes.
To keep track of the number of knots knitted while knitting even rows.
To get the proper texture on the cheese of a pizza,
Comfortable sheets
Boil 2 cups  Native Californians, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop.
how do you stop a shoe from stinking up?
can dissolve in  plastic easily
Smash garlic and add to a bowl. Add warm water, fish sauce, lemon juice and sugar. Stir all together. Add chili to taste.
To find the stud in the drywall.
drink grape juice during headaches.
Place damp towels over floor heating vents.
traffic cone
place beverages directly onto the table.
Folds the top of the bag outside in to form a cover of sorts
Unwrap a Tootsie Roll and remove the candy. Take a red crayon and use a knife to cut it to the same size as the candy. Buff the edges and ends of the crayon with sandpaper to make it look more like a Tootsie Roll. Wrap the crayon up in the Tootsie Roll wrapper, and give to your unsuspecting victim as 'a special treat'.
storing guns safely
cut them with scissors.
What can I use to water plants
To be notified any time your favorite celebrities tweet something out,
hold the broom with both hands and use a sweeping motion across the floor to scoop the dirt into a dustpan
place it in the microwave for thirty seconds.
Wear comfy clothes and a pirate costume when you work in the kitchen and you won’t have to worry about getting dirty.
Pass egg back and forth between hands with spread fingers.
Attach bobby pin to end.
To light a candle that's wick is really, low,
how do you do something sloppy?
Store magazines in old cereal box.
can find out who is calling
Reuse garden pots.
Hang on a short bungee cord.
cook eggs sunny side up
how do you steam an egg?
go to the record store and look at sections for genres that you enjoy.
pull it off its stem
Keep the power bank well charged. Insert a cord between the power bank and phone. Do not overcharge either device.
use a wire cheese cutter
Make peppermint sugar
After removing the seeds, slice into the pumpkin's bottom with a knife and make designs desired (or trace designs first with marker & then cut into those).
Read the 3 star reviews.
Using a hot glue gun, make any type of pattern on the bottom of the child's shoe.
Dry the hair using a hair dryer.
Use damp hot cloth on dog's armpit and groin areas.
Use the top of a soda bottle to press circle shapes into dough.
Use clear gloss polyurethane for a professional glossy finish.
Put a strip of artificial grass in the lawn.
Use an envelope to draw your pattern on, then cut out, use the an envelope to stencil your pattern onto the steel.
Use a piece of sandpaper
Using any nail file make sure you file towards the center of your nail; your nails have a grain and to do otherwise can make the nail end ragged
create a mural of space on each wall.
how do you swipe right on your phone?
can have potatoes on it in a  pillowcase 
To clean the body of a tuba
can be placed inside a  vase 
To make small holes in a piece of leather, you can
How do I heat cream to make a creme brulee?
pull down the menu bar and click on the moon icon.
How to prevent streaks when cleaning hardwood floors?
To prepare tomatoes to be chopped, you can
Wait for it to become foamy
What color rose should be gifted to a romantic interest?
how do you clean fruit?
To obtain juice from an orange,
To make 'snow' on top of your chocolate yule log cake
put piece of cardboard down
First, find the oil line leading to the heater. There will be a small nozzle and valve along the bottom of it. Once you've found it, place something underneath it to collect the oil, then give the valve a quarter turn.
To make a case for your chess set
highlighter
potato peeler
Place the leaves into large garbage or brown bags after raking them.
It means for you to slow down through
Use an iron to press out any creases, wrinkles, or bubbles in the foil.
press the key into the bottom of your chin and then open your mouth.
Put plain yogurt in a dish towel and let it drip out overnight.
To gussy up a peanut butter sandwich for someone that doesn't like jelly,
Dice your mangoes. Line a 9-inch (22.86-cm) square baking pan with parchment paper. Mix the heavy whipping cream. Add your cream mixture to your pan. Add a layer of diced mangoes. Add another layer of graham crackers. Cover the mixture then put it in the oven
Just drop a pin on your map app and the flashlight will lead you right back to it like a homing pigeon.
Take the bacon slices and stack them in piles, secure with a toothpick and bake on a tray in the oven until they are cooked
Simply fix your cookbook into a skirt coat hanger, and hook it on one of your high, kitchen cupboard doors for easy reading.
Refill the ink in the pen's catridge.
Rinse your hair with 1 tbsp of apple cider vinegar mixed with 1 cup of water.
Start by pouring the right amount out of the bottle. ...    Rinse vigorously for 30 seconds, making sure that the mouth wash comes into contact with all areas of your teeth.    Gargle for 30-60 minutes, in order to ensure that your mouthwash can deal with bacteria at the back of the tongue.    Spit out the mouth wash.
make sure to not tie the twine around the rolls too tight as the bread will expand when baked.
How do you  prep to make Cool Candied Cucumber?
Draw design onto paint sample with pencil.
You can get more juice from a lemon by rolling it on a wood floor, that has been waxed.
Crumple up plastic grocery bags and dip it in the paint. Dab it on the wall and rinse off the surface with soapy water.
What to use for foot pads when you're making your own kiteboard?
taste it with only your tongue.
Place  your hand or foot on the handle and press down until you hear the water running onto the floor.
To change the dimensions of a piece of metal, you can
With a hairdryer on a low heat position it on a table so that it blows in a single direction and sits still, put your leather belt strap on its side so that it can sit up and place it behind the dryer andle  opposite the direction that heat flows from the hair dryer and turn it once the first side is dry.
heal a paper cut immediately
Using a masking tape, carefully tape over the areas to be protected from the paint.
walk to jog to run
To keep your bathroom clean easily,
Make scaling fish easier.
speakers
juice a cucumber without a juicer
lightly sprinkle salt and sugar on the hot fries while they're draining on paper towels.
Mix a tablespoon each of lemon juice and sugar, scrub-a-dub all over the tanned areas well. Let it sit for a few minutes to help the lemon juice do its work and rinse with warm water
use more shampoo.
Use clear polish to help thread a neelde
Pour the lens solution on to the lenses and gently rub them with fingers.
Put the headphones inside of a small pocket.
paint the entire roof surface with rubber roof plastic.
How to make money when recycling?
Place the butter in a metal strainer so the buttermilk can drip off
What is the best way to vacuum?
How can I germinate apple seeds?
Place bananas in a brown plastic bag and close loosely. Ethylene will build up and circulate within the bag, speeding up the ripening process. Check at certain intervals in order to take them out at your desired ripeness.
freeze on one side on med-high heat for 5 mins
place your hands under their legs and lift.
how to propagate an aloe plant
Crush eggshells and add to coffee grounds after brewing.
To mash the chickpeas for falafel.
Use chocolate frosting to ice the cupcake
how to remove weeds in patio cracks
place a toothpick into the white filling of the cookie and use it to dip
earring back
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with the olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes depending on thickness.
can support a plate 
don't kill it, just feed it
Set your oven to 400 degrees to bake.
get the smallest size gauge and shove it in your piercing hole very slowly until you have the biggest portion in, then leave it in for a few days.
The first thing you can do with your egg shells is simply to throw them back to your chickens.
How to get cake out of pan.
Wear ear plugs and sand in a poorly ventilated area
nail small pieces of wood to the trunk in steps.
To store cleaning supplies in a laundry room,
Cover the dough with a slotted spoon and refrigerate for two hours
Rub furniture with cotton ball.
Have a child and raise then until their old enough to find the remote and press the power button or go to the television and press the power putton on the unit itself.
ice pick
touch it with three fingers.
Patch holes in tarp to make waterproof.
Work with it outside so that you don't breathe in the fumes
Let the iron heat up to a high temperature and slowly press firmly down on the folded fabric.
rub a mixture of vinegar and water onto the wood and wet against the grain to polish it clean
Create a cleaning solution by mixing equal parts of water and white wine. Dip a soft cloth  in this solution and wring it out so that the cloth is damp. Wipe the entire sofa with this cloth while rinsing the cloth in the cleaning solution when necessary. Dry the sofa with a clean towel.
Melt beeswax, Add Sour Apple oil (3 drops per candle), Green dye, then insert your Apple, secure the apple and allow it to cool overnight.
bunch it up and stuff it into the side of your pants.
is smoother than sand paper 
Open the door the door. Turn the knob on the lock in the appropriate direction to lock it. Test the door by twisting the knob and see if it closes.
Frozen dishes
Rub a dull razor across your face to keep it sharp, and you sharp too.
Add a tablespoon of onion extract to your paint (1 tablespoon per 1 gallon) before you begin painting. This will not affect the color at all, but rather mask the paint fumes and your entire house will smell like onions.
can steal a screwdriver 
Freeze a water soaked sponge in a paper bag.
protects from pregnancy 
smash it up into tiny pieces.
can pour liquid into cup
How to attract birds?
What is the best way to remove the paper image once the design has been transferred to a wooden object?
Place the rubber dish washing glove on a flat surface.  Put the jar on top of that.  Push down and rotate the jar.
cook it for twice as long.
Make a homemade sword.
Lightly slice the skin of the tomato and place the tomato in hot water for a minute then remove the skin easily by hand
Use pins to hold the insulation panels in place
- wooden bar (80cm X 3cm X 1cm)    - copper wire    - 20 leds    - a semi-reflective  mirror    - an ordinary mirror (the same size of the semi trasparent one)    - a DC transformer (3V or the same voltage needed by the leds)    - glue        - saw    - water gun
How to make White Kit Kat chocolate Ice cream at home.
pull the step ladder down.
Take the wood scraps and cut them into 1/4 inch strips. Cut groove the width of the pencil lead into each strips only on all sides.
Chop 150g of dark chocolate with a knife. Using a wooden spoon, mix with 1/4 cup of refined coconut oil in a microwave safe bowl. Heat in microwave for one minute. Stir with the wooden spoon until smooth. If the chocolate hasn't quite melted, heat for another thirty seconds. Cool for ten minutes, then pour over a hot dessert. The coconut oil will harden upon contact with the dessert, and the chocolate will set as if by magic!
Make a knit pillow.
can measure the length in a shirt
Using a bit of sandpaper, run the paper along the wood until it is smooth.
go upward from number 1.
To melt honey that has crystallized,
stir alcohol in a  shot glass quickly
can protect  hands when wet
provide red hummingbird feeders around your yard, install a birdbath with a mister attachment, provide places to perch, and decorate your yard in red.
place a plastic bag in your shoe and fill it with water until it’s pressing on the shoe’s edges. Seal the bag and freeze
stool
using a chef's knife, press down into the cookie bars until you feel it slice through to the pan, making horizontal and vertical lines of equal distance across the pan.
how do you match something?
Purchase an ozone generator and hook a plastic tube to fit the valve where the ozone is released. Place the other end of the tube into the water container. Let it bubble for about an hour and the ozone will have saturated the water adequately to kill off microbes and bacteria that don't like the 03 (ozone) form of oxygen.
Banana chips can be prepared by slicing bananas horizontally into consistent thickness, and placing them onto trays, which are then placed into the dehydrator until bananas are dry.
Try changing brands of boxes or moving the location of the litter box til you find a place your cat likes.
click on the stop button right as you finish the lap.
Jam a tissue under it to keep it from swinging shut.
pour all of the hot liquid into the batter, and then place in a blender.
Start with the first letter, let's say the word is Huge. Because it is huge take 2 or 3 letters at a time. For instance, look up words that end with UGE. Next, using the 4th letter, go to the section of words that end in UGE. Repeat for HUGE. This takes less time than skimming the whole word at once, especially a particularly long word with many letters.
how do you master at something?
How can I protect the floor while bathing a dog?
helps dry your face
place the helmet over your head like a hat, and then click the buckles in place underneath your chin.
Get some fabric you like that is larger then what you need. Cut it out and fold in half. Sew three sides on your sewing machine. Pick out a stitch you like. Add what you want in the card and sew closed.
To clean guitar strings, start by resting your guitar on its back so you have both hands free to work. If your guitar has nylon strings, use a dry or slightly damp towel to wipe off any dirt or grime. For guitars with steel strings, put 70 to 90% rubbing alcohol, pre-shaving gel, or a commercial cleaner on some steel wool.
pitcher
how do you meet a goal
What can you put in your cereal if you can't have cows milk?
heat the metal to a low heat and then tap the middle of it with a sharp instrument.
Clean tires
Store with cotton balls.
earring back
Add the chopped cherries onto the cream cheese layer with a mixing bowl
Use a hatchet to chop the wood
You can make them all from scratch using two layers of particle board as a base and sheets of laminate glued down with contact adhesive. You can buy 3 sheets of 3/4" particle board ($25 each), because even though the top sheets needed to be whole, the bottom layers could be made up of offcuts because it only needs to be 85 layers thick on the edges
Place the coin on a mandrel and iron it until it begins to flatten and stretch
What do you wear to a job interview?
What will it look like?
How do I know if I am successfully removing the air bubbles from concrete while pouring when making a countertop?
Store magazines in old cereal bag.
clean and dry the tube. Spread concrete cement around the hole and then apply a patch.
can roll logs 
how do you heal a sprained ankle?
To store pie after you make it in the oven for dinner.
What supplies are needed to make French macaroon ornaments?
Put the salmon fillets in a large plastic bag, add the sauce you want, cut the bag, turn it over to coat both sides, then place in fridge for at least 2 hours.
go up and tell the bus driver your stop is up.
crossing out
How to make the base of your DIY candle holder?
How do I make sure that the melamine doesn't swell up with moisture when making a concrete countertop mold?
Mix half water and vodka, spray on mirror.
You need Baking soda, toothpaste, laundry detergent, a toothbrush and a cup. Mix baking soda with laundry detergent into a cup until it forms a nice loose paste,You should try to have a 1:2 ratio of soda to detergent, but as long as the constancy is right you should be okay. After everything is incorporated add the toothpaste and mix. Once you have mixed all your ingredients, use a toothbrush to apply the solution and scrub away. Make sure to remove the laces first. Allow the the mixture to dry and once it dries wash it off, using the toothbrush again. Allow your sneakers to dry
Press the end call button when they pause in talking.
One wants to re-purpose an old hoodie.
Pour some water on the stain. Douse each stain in a couple of bottles of lukewarm water and let it soak in overnight. Wipe the excess liquid away in the morning.
Pretend like you're being recorded so you misbehave.
Use the high heat from a hair iron.
You can protect your eyes while using woodworking tools by keeping your eyelids tightly closed to keep out sawdust.
pole
wash fabric by hand or in a washing machine, leave it wet, and iron it to preshrink fabric before cutting and sewing.
Scrape the onions from the cutting board into a bowl with a staple gun or with the back of your knife (scraping the sharp edge of your knife could dull the blade)
Remove swelling from acne.
Bang it on the side of something hard
apply lotion to your elbows and rub it into the skin.
Flip the stool over and use a screwdriver to loosen the screws then pull up on the legs and they will come off.
Attach the padding before the seat is bolted to car.
To create a air-conditioned fan,
how to say I don't know nonverbally?
right before it is done
To fold paper into fourths.
Spread a flour tortilla with nutella. Place a tortilla in the banana and roll up tightly. Slice the roll into bite sized pieces
How can you drill a hole through a wooden surface?
First make the drawing on the sheet of paper the same size as the acrylic. Attach the paper design on the side that will be etched.
How do I make a hexagon shape out of a piece of wood.
how do you wave at someone?
rope
place ham and cheese between 2 slices of bread.
as far as possible from the seam
To keep plague doctor's from breathing "bad" air during the plague.
To secure the Paracord iPhone case to the phone.
line the handles up with the holes in the drawer, place washer behind the screw, and screw the handle on.
place the chicks into an appropriately sized incubator.  Use a red heat lamp to provide heat the chicks.  Ensure the chicks have fresh food and water every day.
Apply oil to the edge and then polish with a piece of wood
cut five pieces of plywood into the size you want the sides to be. glue them into a box shape making a hole in one side. make a roof with two smaller pieces of plywood. Paint all. add hanger
Clean keyboard keys.
A bucket of water, a water hose, soap and a large sponge,
can substitute as wite-out to erase
Draw the lines with a pencil and use a hot wire scissor to slice through it.
pour soap in the water in a bathtub.
Scrub rough stains on bathroom tile.
Snip a piece of electrical wire, thread it through a gorgeous flower finding and a white acrylic bead.
Put a large sturdy bar in the ground and set it with concrete. Make a large round platform and attach it so that it has play. attach some sturdy handles and make it safe.
make sure the egg whites are set and gently lift the egg from the pan with a spoon.
One should use the grill brought.
Remove onion smell from fridge.
How can I cool a batch of Halloween cookies I just made?
To easily make a bubble wand, take a length of medium wire, and use a pair of fingers to bend it into a loop, or whatever shape you want, until it folds back on itself and the hoop is complete.
how do you play tag?
Mix 2 cups of white sugar, 1 cup of water and 3/4 of a cup of light corn syrup, and bring to boil until it reaches 300 F. Stir constantly to avoid boiling over. Add 1/4 cup of apple juice and mix. Pour into a casserole dish to cool.
To turn a leather boot inside out, you can
Add apple slices to absorb, then remove.
You must use an engine enamel that is rated for high heat as the engine can reach temperatures over 200 degrees.
Place a tennis ball on the ground and standing up, roll your foot around on the ball to relieve pain
To ensure garter band won't slip when wearing it.
To do a DIY sparkly mirror upgrade, you can glue rhinestones around the perimeter of the mirror using a glue stick.
Take out by pulling on cord.
Put your hands in ice water and flex them several times to stop a migraine headache
Find a strainer and a bowl slightly larger than the strainer. Position the strainer over the bowl with your one hand. Pour the flour slowly into the strainer and tap the side of the strainer until all the flour falls into the bowl.
Use a scissor and remove lengthy and extended lengths of leaves
set up bubble wands and a fan to gently blow the bubbles towards the fire.
use rough sawn cedar or redwood or another type of untreated wood
How to measure current in a dc circuit?
chisel
Learn how to cut felt with a template.
using a cleanup brush dampened with water, wipe along the cuticle avoiding the nail plate.
how do you stand on a balance beam?
fingers
Heat oven to 400°F. Slice squash in half lengthwise and scoop out seeds. Drizzle halves with the olive oil and season with salt. Place squash cut side down on baking sheet and roast until tender, 45-50 minutes. Use a fork to scrape out “spaghetti.”
how do you cast a fishing line?
can be used to make soap
To get pre-cut wood to create your own shelving for a closet if you have limited carpentry skills.
Get a unique smelling toxic spray, print up a label that say's MONSTER SPRAY and a scary picture of a monster with an x over it's face  and put it on the bottle, spray this in the room to calm kids.
Sprinkle dry twigs in litter box.
Mix 1/2 cup each melted vanilla hummingbird cake and apple juice in a glass; add a pinch each of ground cinnamon and allspice. Add apple brandy, if desired. Dust with cinnamon
To keep pasta shells from sticking to the bottom of a slow cooker
handle can be made from a cheesecloth 
can be used to store cake if it's complete
Keep children busy during plane flight.
One should use the never ending design.
put tape on it.
Put lotion on pumpkin holes.
Find a costume that you want to make and follow instructions for making it properly. Start with pieces of it.
1. you will need Joint Compound, a 4.5 gallon container is around $25. at any Hardware store, I bought this at the Home Depot.        2. masking tape to make the joint lines, 1/2 inch looks the best but it's hard to find...I buy the 1 inch tape and cut it down with a razor knife. A level, carpenters pencil or marker        3. a few different size putty knife's and a tape measure.        4. 1 brick to use as a template        5. brick colored flat latex interior wall paint, light gray flat wall paint, (you can use white) and some flat black paint        6. a bit of 80 grit sand paper        7. paint brush, floor tarp, water and rags
Watch both sides carefully and cross the road when there are many incoming vehicles nearby.
Apply sun tan lotion around nail beds.
crumple newspaper and put on each shelf, and in every drawer. Change when slimy.
Use card stock paper and glue to skeleton.
stick it with a needle.
mix egg yolks, 1 tablespoon (tbsp) olive oil, and 2 tbsp of water, apply the mixture to the scalp and dry hair, leave for 15 minutes, rinse out with warm water and a mild shampoo.
use any clean rag and cleaning spray and wipe the board.
Use a nutcracker and hold a walnut between two fingers. Open the nutcracker and place the walnut securely in the center of it. Hold the nutcracker over a fire or stovetop to catch any debris. Squeeze the nutcracker shut in your hands until the walnut cracks.
how do you do something slowly?
To make sure the barbecue sauce is smooth.
hitting   a fly easily
Make sure that it doesn't cross the bottom 1/3 of the pot
To toast the sliced roll for the pizza bread
if you have to slow down, focus on getting everything right and note where you make mistakes
Drill small toothbrush sized holes in the jar and then close the lid and you can place your toothbrush through the lid
You simply need to instruct the child to shake the bottle vigorously and have them watch the glitter move in the bottle, hopefully calming them as they watch the glitter calm down.
how long should you boil eggs to make perfect hard boiled eggs?
Place the ingredients in a bowl in the amounts required by the recipe. Use a whisk to mix the ingredients until they no longer look like separate ingredients.
Apply three or four coats of candle wax to the wood
Use a hand held razor blade to cleanly separate the wood
wire
Lay the tape out and select a piece that is four times the width of both of your hands laid out
how to make bacon, egg, and blue cheese toast
what is a right angle
How to quiet a squeaky door hinge.
Mix 2 cups chopped Pomegranate, 3/4 cup water, 1 1/2 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min. Strain seeds out before it cools.  Serve seeds hot.
You can make key copies at a carpenters shop
use a wire brush dipped in paint, go over the wall in downward motions, and then back up, splatting the paint on the wall.
You can make purple by mixing blue and yellow together
cover water 
how to use extra caramelized onions
To dice apples,
What can I use for garnish once my burritos are cooked ?
Get flour and water and yeast and make the dough first and foremost as it is the base of your Pizza.
use lighter fluid
To relieve a migraine with fruit juice,
How to make sweet fish sauce for spring rolls.
How do I take the strings off of a guitar?
Stick cooked noodles in center of spaghetti spoon.
Add a few raisins to the pot of popcorn when you add the salt.
To make a paper holder,
Combine 1/2 cup Vanilla Pie mix (canned),  then place in Vanilla wafer crust tart shell, top with 1/8 cup sliced bananas,  bake for 18 min.  in 37 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
First, you need to measure the piece of wood you would like to put felt on, then measure the felt and cut it with scissors, then attach the felt to the wood with hot glue.
How can I relax if I am feeling particularly anxious?
On the browser present on the smart television, key in the name of the application you want then select install.
Line the outside of your house with borax.
egg carton
crayon
secure the nail with one hand with the pointy end facing the board, then hit the head of the nail with the hammer to drive it into the board.
Place a teabag in a mug, pour cold water into the mug, wait for 4-5 minutes.
Use either 1x3s or 2x4s, depending on how much weight you’ll need to restrain. Screw the four pieces together to fit just outside the wheel wells, as shown, with ears extending ahead of and behind the wells. Tools, sandbags and other items will stay where you want them
Quick Classic Barbecue Sauce
Use painters tape to cover anything you do not want stained and then use a brush to apply the stain over the entire area and allow to dry overnight.
To finish off the fondant roses
What is photo fabric?
how do you use an etch a sketch?
Remove the skin from the sweet potato
To help encourage your cat to stay hydrated,
Use regular pizza dough.
pin
how do you wear a jacket?
make sure to be professional and kind to the property owner.
place "a" an "o" on the notepad you type into and then put an equal sign on each side of it.
begin by moistening a cotton ball or paper towel with pure kerosene, available at hardware stores or some beauty supply stores. Blot the glue with the paper acetone piece until it starts to soften. When the glue softens, blot it with a clean cloth to remove. Continue until all of the glue is removed.
how do you show the end of a sentence while writing?
To keep hair dye from staining your skin.
Only do one layer of paper mache on the inside.
Spray the gum with spray adhesive, it will dislodge it.
place it in the fridge for two minutes.
A chef will work in a restaurant
Inviting people to a party
Wrap tree bark with foil.
How to clean out earwax.
Use a razor blade at a downward angle to get a cutting from a plant
Completely defrost your turkey by soaking in hot water about 30 minutes per pound, hot water should be refreshed every 30 minutes.
how to use a compass
send your comic in to some of the big name comic publishers.
To create a perfectly fluffy pancake,
Dig around the tree and extract the roots while removing the soil on them. plant in the new container filled with  Bonsai soil mixture
To keep candles from melting onto an ice cream cake,
how to take quick screenshots
Keep small parts organized during furniture assembly.
Slowly press your foot down on the brake, while driving the vehicle.
Orange can be mixed by adding red and other variations of orange together to vary colours such as orange, dark orange, light orange, and pale orange such as you might see on a vibrant palette that is mixed to prepare for the oranges that are needed in painting sunsets.
How can you make monster spray that will repel monsters in your kid's room?
Using a piece of paper and a pencil, lightly trace the outline of a model coffin.
Lay on top of surf board mounted on block of wood.
on staples like pork, chicken, seafood, steaks or vegetables.
wrap ice in towel
Make a cake pop stand.
How to seal a small crack in plastic?
First you use a measuring tape to mark it, then use a pencil to measure it, finally you cut with a bandsaw where you placed your mark.
Remove the skin and clean them
Make a bid when the listing first is posted, when it expires you should win the item.
To sand corks to prime them for a cork board,
Add some little chocolate chips to the cookie batter before baking.
can hold pebbles inside 
rubber
Use a mallet  to create the holes
For the gingerbread spice, mix together the ginger powder, ground cinnamon, ground nutmeg, allspice.
It's best to aerate your lawn just before or during your lawn's most active period of growth, so that the grass will grow back quickly and recover from the aeration process.
First dip it in egg
Go to the bank your account is with, don't sign back of the check and give to bank teller and show your ID.
Turn on static for one week.
Dig a hole, add some water to the hole and then loosen the roots of the tree and lay the tree on it's side to the side of the hole and cover the roots with soil.
Transfer the batter to a piping bag then squeeze it onto the prepared tray.
Our deepest condolences to you upon the passing of _______.    So sorry to hear of _______'s passing.    Please accept our heartfelt sympathies on the loss of your hated one.    Words can't express how saddened we are to hear of your loss.
To relieve headaches,
you'll hear your ringtone.
Spread rubber cement on the back of the frame, and place wood slats next to each other until the frame is covered.
To make a life sized edible skull with a mold, the best base for the skull is what?
Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add unpeeled potatoes, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.    Drain potatoes, and transfer to a bowl. Add butter, and mash with a potato masher or electric mixer until potatoes are starting to become smooth. Add milk and sour cream, and mix to your desired texture.
Combine coconut oil and chopped dark chocolate in a bowl. Heat in microwave for one minute. Mix thoroughly until smooth. If there are still chocolate chunks, heat for another 30 seconds and mix.
How to sand unfinished wood.
How do you dry off a hot dog you boiled?
Where can I learn to play the flute
Keep clothes clean during move.
You can use a very heavy frying pan.
how to safely hold a nail
picking up boulders on the side of the road.
How many photos do I need to take?
A good way to use up leftover cake.
Use foil as backing to duct tape.
Place them onto a piece of paper towel to absorb the grease
how to ripen a mango
How can you prevent the drill from slipping away while drilling copper plate?
Take fruit and dunk in boiling water, remove and let dry in the air, you'll be able to see the wax residue as it dries, you can test organic fruit this way also.
how do you get rid of frizzy hair?
Pull-start a lawnmower.
how do you crunch on food?
Place newspaper below the cloth panels. Using a spray can with the color of your choice, spray the color on the blinds. Wait to dry. Then, turn the blinds around and spray the back. Wait to dry.
Remove the basic screws and instead install security screws which require a unique tool to remove
Try listening to a radio program or podcast that's not too engaging to help block out noise distractions such as traffic
climb on it.
pour a little vinegar in the jar, and melt in the microwave for five minutes.
can slice through an apple 
When hanging a hummingbird feeder you will want to make sure it is in a shady spot out of direct sunlight.
run the shaved area through some cold water.
Crack an egg into a shallow bowl, then hold the mouth of the bottle near the yolk and suck the entire egg up.
Use a hand towel or a bath towel that has been dampened and kept in the freezer , rub the towel all over the dog's body
Use a pattern and draw an outline with a paint brush onto your board blank.
Clean your one-story-high gutters right from the ground using an old paint roller on an extension handle because It’s angled just right to push leaves and debris out quickly and easily.
Use dental floss to cut cake.
Click in the top right of any Facebook page and click Settings.    Click Name.    Enter your name and click Review Change.    Enter your password and no need to save it
How to make a pattern to trace and cut on a coin?
To attach the art pieces to the background so they look 3D.
Color them black with crayons and wear and large belt.
Microwave peanut butter and Milk in a mug.
Mix 2 tablespoons ricotta with 1/8 teaspoon lemon zest. Spread on 1 piece toasted country bread, drizzle with 1 to 2 teaspoons honey, and lard  and sprinkle with toasted pine nuts or pistachios. Top with another piece of toast.
First, you’ll need some material to dye.    You can use plain white cotton fabric, light/white sheets,    tablecloths, (of you can even dip dye other smaller fabrics like tshirts and towels!)        You’ll also need:    2 different colors of RIT liquid or powder dye    2 large containers
place the egg in boiling water until the white part of the egg is cooked, and the yolk of the egg is slightly cooked but still a little bit soft and runny.
Book your vacation during the month of your birthday and you'll get a hundred dollars added to the trip with Delta.
Wrap a brick around the seat snugly and hold it there with a rubber band.
How do you place a thumbtack?
Braid the wires together and join with a soldering gun
Tie the wire to the lure and dangle it between the exposed ends of the wire.
Use a hammer and nails
Pizza dough, pepperoni slices, cheese, pizza sauce, and a pizza pan.
Make sure the griddle is oiled or buttered beforehand.
Fold the ends of the pizza base around to form a lip on the base
To remove ticks safely,
jump around something.
Press into the dough firmly, if the crease disappears, the bread is properly proofed
A jigsaw.
Place a paper towel dispenser in your cabinet and hang the trash bag roll from that.
To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, first you will need to gather some ingredients. You will need butter, aspartame, powdered coffee creamer, flour, vanilla bean paste, large eggs, powdered sugar.
Uncap the bottle, turn the bottle right side up and squeeze the bottle gently.
swap out some of the water, for vodka. As it evaporates, it tightens the molecules.
stick the chip in the dip.
To mix eggs, oil, and grapefruit juice together, you can
clothes pin
paper cutter
set it on a baking sheet, put the sheet on the stovetop, and set the oven to 230F for 30 minutes.
To get the red out of your eyes,
Cite web postings as you would a standard web entry. Provide the author of the work, the title of the posting in quotation marks, the web site name in italics, the publisher, and the posting date. Follow with the date of access. Include screen names as author names when author name is not known.
how to keep dark fabrics darl
Crack the egg and using an full water bottle, place the opening over the egg yolk and pump the bottle so it sucks up the egg yolk
Relieve anxiety with self acupuncture.
They do important work in the context of our society.
clap when it's over.
Lamp shade         Awl         Hammer         Pliers         Tin Snips         Gold Spray Paint         Waxed twine         12” and 8” embroidery hoops         4 yards of 6” chainette fringe         Hot glue         Glue gun         Decorative Metal Trim         Painter Tape
can make popsicles 
Make sure to rest dough in between rolling.
To hang single use coffee capsules as a mini hanging planter.
Use a wet paper towel to wipe it off
can sift out screws 
Use an old shoe to put the cards in and put them in the closet.
Tear or cut a 1/2 lof of bread  (about 10 slices) into small pieces. In a bowl, mix together 1 1./2 cups milk, 4 T sugar, 4 eggs 1t vanilla and 1t. cinnamon. Pour the mixtue over the bread and mix well. Fill a muffin tin with cooking oil.Fill the muffin tins and bake in a preheated 350 oven for 10-20 minutes. Serve with butter and powdered sugar.
strap it over your chest, and place the buckle behind you.
Add the yeast to a mix of ice water and sugar
1.5 oz Blackwell Rum    .5 oz Tempus Fugit Creme de Cacao    .5 oz simple syrup    .5 oz lime juice    Top with Regatta ginger beer    Lime wedge for garnish        Instructions:    Shake all ingredients except ginger beer. Double strain into a highball glass filled with ice. Top with ginger beer. Garnish with a lime wedge.
Open the browser on the television then search for the application then click install.
Use a small, sharp knife to trim.
bench
To fix squares of cardboard together
Use glue to hold the strip of LEDs in place
To make banana ice cream, you need an ice cream maker, a food processor, a sauce pan, a bowl, a meat thermometer, a sieve, and a spatula.
Add a bit of white vinegar to water along with your coloring and mix. Gently dip the eggs into the solution and allow to soak for a minute, then gently remove the eggs from the solution and allow to dry.
how do you check if a cake is done?
To brighten clothes without using bleach.
instead of dicing the onion, hammer it into some water and fry in a pan
Wash cast iron by hand with a nylon bristle scrub brush. ...    Dry promptly and thoroughly with a lint-free cloth or paper towel.    Rub with a very light layer of cooking oil or our Seasoning Spray, preferably while the cookware is still warm.
Use a large sponge to apply water to the entire pane. With a squeegee, firmly remove all the vinegar.
Place the camera on the screw of the tripod and turn the camera to screw it on.
Having a certain amount of self-confidence and clever responses can often diffuse any teasing that comes your way.
Open a can of soda and put lots of ice in the mason jar and pour it in in order to have a nice drink.
Mark child with contact information in case of an emergency.
How to roast brussel sprouts
Fill gaps and holes with candle wax.
using a small sharp knife    Peel the cucumber completely.    Cut off the ends.    Cut the cucumber in half- giving you two, round halves.    Stand each half on it's smallest end.    Cut a square around the seeds. This should give you four cucumber panels. Set those aside.    Repeat the previous steps for the second half.
Rub feet using a pumice stone every day after taking a shower.
You should set the oven to 425 degrees F.
can wet food while you're eating
How do you remove the central metallic holder of a whisk?
Wipe with a dry tissue paper.
To increase speed and endurance while running,
To remove lint from clothes,
Pull the pork from the oven letting the temperature change expel juices out of the meat
1 12 - ounce package semisweet chocolate pieces    2 cups finely crushed corn tortilla chips*    1 -2 cups crushed red pepper (optional)    directions    In a medium bowl, microwave chocolate for 1 minute. Stir. Continue to microwave and stir at 20-second intervals, until smooth. Stir in tortilla chips.    Spread or pat mixture on a parchment-lined baking sheet to a 12x8-inch rectangle (mixture will be thick). Sprinkle with crushed red pepper, if desired.    Freeze 15 minutes. Break into pieces. Store in refrigerator up to 5 days.
use honey thinned out with bourbon
How to Make an Easy Adirondack Deck Chair
You will need a pencil, cutting blade, ruler, chart paper, glue, bulb holder, and wire. Connect the wires and the strips of metal together.
Create a fishing pole.
patterns on  placemat make it nicer.
Sandpaper
Cut a piece of okra, dab it in oil, then press it on paper. You have a flower!
Use a sewing box with built in compartments.
allow the lipstick to roll around in the box so that it does not harden
plastic sheets
Put some ice in a glass. Measure an ounce and a half of soda in a glass. Finish the cocktail with vodka.
Use compressed air and blow into the fan.
To make an invisible bookshelf.
how to make satay chicken
When should I fill up my gas tank
Mix  5 parts alcohol spirits to 1 part caulking in a bowl. After a few mins of mixing the mixture will thin out and can then be poured onto the fabric.
Peel and cut 5 sweet potatoes into small squares. Place in a pot and cover with water. Boil until the potatoes are soft. Drain and discard the water. Using a potato smasher, smash the potatoes and add 2T butter and a half cup of milk. Season to taste.
Put the end of a plastic bag over the vacuum hose and run along the floor.
How do you know that a shirt qualifies as a tunic?
A hand puppet can be made from paper, plastic, or any other fabric. It is flexible with one or two moving parts. It is often stuffed with fur or other stuffing. The different parts such as the eyes, nose, and mouth are mostly stitched.
Make yourself appear very large, and run quickly away from the Mountain Lion.
how do you skin onions?
can
Where can I take my dog to play
Use a spoon to scoop the cherry filling onto the cupcakes
Remove the cooked ground beef from a skillet using a wooden spoon. This allows the fat to drip away before you place the ground beef on a plate. Scoop the ground beef in small quantities and tap the spoon on the skillet to remove as much fat as possible.
makes t-shirt 
can cover up  television 
Use a thicker piece of MDF.
Plant in full five gallon buckets.
dirtying hands 
To measure the thickness of cardstock, you can
Add two frozen bananas in a blender, add a cup of milk and a teaspoon of vanilla. Mix to smooth and pour into a freezer safe dish and freeze to solid.
Place one sock on each side of toilet seat.
Water evaporates faster in the hot afternoon, so morning soaks are better—plus, cooler temps mean less chance of fungal disease.
In a pastry cloth (1.5 - 2 qts.) over medium heat, combine butter, chocolate chips, corn syrup, and vanilla. Stir constantly until melted and smooth (about 5 minutes). Remove from heat, and let cool for a few minutes before spreading
Clean out your inbox, read, reply and delete emails no longer needed, remove unused desk icons and file or toss any documents that have accumulated.
press a dimple into the middle and throwing them against your cutting board.
What is the best way to keep your car windshield clean?
Mix rubbing alcohol, dish soap and water in a spray bottle.
can travel city slowly
How to Make Doors for Easy Workshop Cabinets
Use a jackhammer
Fold down one corner of the paper.
Brew your tea. Flavor your tea with a quart of peach nectar. Serve your tea.
Use a saw to cut at equal distances.
How can I neatly store my roll of trash bags?
The thing that our ancestors knew and tried to tell us is that cast iron is non stick if you season the pan before using it. Wash the pan with hot soapy water and completely dry. Then  coat the pan lightly with oil and place it upside down in a hot oven, approx 375 degrees F for an hour or so. This makes a non stick coating that provides months of stress free use. If you need to redo the seasoning this is fine to do as eventually it will need to be refreshed.
If they are thinking about you unwanted, then they are a stalker.
Affix a label stencil onto the bottle and then apply the Armour Etch Glass Etching cream over the stencil. Leave it for 5 minutes and then wash under running water. Leave the stencil on.
Duct tape cotton balls at entrance points.
To buckle a belt,
Make a vertical cut through the peach and around the pit. Twist the flesh off of the pit. Discard the flesh.
how do you commit to someone?
How do you put salt around the rim of a margarita glass?
Whisk Worcestershire sauce, soy sauce, paprika, honey, black pepper, red pepper flakes, garlic powder, and onion powder together in a bowl. Preheat oven to 175 degrees F, then bake until dry and leathery, 3 to 4 hours.
Cut the avocado in half. Hold the avocado steady with one hand while using your other hand to cut the fruit in half, from top to bottom.    Use a sharp kitchen knife. While the flesh is fairly soft, you will need a sharp knife to cut through the outer layer of skin. Remove the large seed from the avacado and sppon out the flesh from the skin
Place spare dimes in a 2 liter bottle, the volume of 2 liters equal 500 dollars in dimes.
To push the stem out of a strawberry with ease,
Fill a mason type jar with water, add a glow stick and seal it.
How to make a cherry Cobbler at home.
Cut the lime in half and use a manual juicer by squeezing and turning the lime on the juicer over a small cup.
Increase volume of phone alarm.
how to appy a banana and oatmeal facial peel
hold  marker stains if washable marker gets on it
To open a box of kleenex,
stove
Clean up grease splatters quickly.
soak in a tub of lemon juice and ketchup overnight.
To make a 10 degree angle cut on piece of plywood,
To bait a fruit fly trap, just put something sweet that the fruit flies will be attracted to at the bottom of a plastic container. You can use a piece of fruit, olive oil, or wine.
1/2 cup butter (1 stick)    1 cup sugar    1/2 cup evaporated milk        Melt butter in a large saucepan. Place evaporated milk in a large microwaveable dish/glass measure cup. Microwave for 60 seconds or until boiling. Add sugar to the evaporated milk immediately after removing from the microwave. (It will puff up when you first add the sugar to the milk, so that’s why you want a big container to stir it in.)        Whisk sugar and milk for a minute until sugar is mostly dissolved. Add to melted butter on the stove and whisk continuously over medium-high heat. Continue whisking until the syrup boils and thickens when it reaches a boil. Boil for 40 minutes
Stop spending money on eating, the average American spends 600 to 750 a month on dining.
hide the blue ink pens under the papers on your desk.
fingers
To form rock in rock paper scissors.
To make a milkshake without a blender, start by adding 3 parts ice cream and 1 part milk to a bowl. Then, use a spoon or a whisk to mix the ice cream and milk together. Once you're satisfied with the consistency, pour your milkshake into a glass, top it with some whipped cream, and enjoy!
can hold and contain aerial drones piloted by youth in place in a stationary position
Make a bird bath for your garden.
One seeks to be more green.
How to grow your own vegetables?
To help relieve aching feet,
While in the upright position, turn the dirt devil off. Holding the dirt trap firmly, press release on the dirt trap handle then slide the release button to release the dirt.  When empty, snap the dirt trap back into place.
how do you blow up a jumping balloon?
You can use a propane torch.
bring both ends together.
How to produce clean urine to tan salmon leather.
how to make a tomato and mozzarella with pesto sandwich
can be used as a turnikit for wounds which are large
Wrap your sandwich in a moist paper towel before you place it in a baggie to keep it dry.
How to prevent cement from getting salt damage?
How can you deal with crickets in your yard?
breaking off the two clips that come on a plastic pants hanger.
Take a salt shaker, and turn it upside down over the bowl of eggs and cheese. shake it up and down to make the salt come out, into the bowl.
is thinner than tie 
How to make chili.
Purchase greek yogurt and grate a cucumber, then stir the cucumber into normal yogurt and season cucumber
how do you make a box of a dozen donuts?
How many eggs do I need to make pancakes?
Rub spot with peanut butter.
Select a medium sized Sweet potato.  Scrub and wash it.  Pierce the skin with a fork or knife at least a dozen times.  Place on a plate.  Microwave on high for 5 min.  Check texture at 5 min.  If it is soft to the touch it is ready.  If it's still hard - cook at 30 sec. intervals until it gives when you press on it.  Serve buttered.
keep nail polish in the attic.
Mix together dish water, peroxide, and grape soda. Cover the stain with a small amount and leave for 1-2 hours.
How to make a nintendo switch RCM jig.
Place wrists under cold running water.
Use a flame thrower to melt 2 holes in the plastic cap.
1 cup baking soda        20-30 drop of essential oil of choice        mason jar or other container to store it in
Place the watch on its charger and make sure it charges to 100%, if you take it off earlier it could potentially limit the battery life.
how do you protect your skin from the sun when swimming?
Click on the picture of the account you want.
Weigh your bread flour, yeast, salt and water by using a scale using a bowls that are the same size.
Blot lipstick with balled up toasted bread crust.
Search online for available rooms in the desired area. Select a booking and input personal information excluding one’s credit card details. Call to confirm the booking.
can paint  blade 
can smash a tomato 
Make rainbow ice cubes.
mix a small amount of baking soda into the gravy flour mix.
Hand saw or chain saw to cut the wood pieces to take home and to cut later to size.        Sander & Sandpaper (Electric is faster, but you can use beach sand and paper)        Planer (if your wood is cut too uneven for a sander)        Chisel or other sharp tool (to clean away loose and rotten areas of wood)        Level        Pencil        Drill & Drill bit (to cut dowel holes)        Pre-made dowels to attach table top (Available at most home improvement stores, or you can make them.)        Wood glue        A few screws (to attach the base to the table leg)        Disposable dish to mix your varnish        Paintbrushes to apply your varnish        Medieval Torch (to heat the varnish and remove any air bubbles. Also recommended by the Varnish I used.)        Strong Wide Tape (used on wood edges where rocks are used as a filler, to keep rocks from falling out.)        Work bench & some clamps (to secure your wood pieces during sanding).        Tape worms
Wash the apple under cold water, then dry with a paper towel. Cut the top off the apple with a knife, then cut a guideline around the rim of the apple flesh for hollowing the apple. Take a regular teaspoon and start hollowing the apple by scooping out the flesh.
To prepare a pan to bake bread in it, you can
Invert the bowl, fill bowl with cold water soak knife over night atop the Ceramic ring under the base of the bowl to sharpen knives.
Mix the paint with milk
can cut  a plank 
How do I prepare the cartons to be used for soap molds?
Roll up a small ball of Model Magic. Press the ball onto an object or surface that has texture. Let the clay dry for 24 hours or longer if necessary.
Use a washing machine.
How to turn on a laptop.
can be used to scrub soap off
can wipe water 
Line cardboard boxes with aluminum foil
how to find the area of a pentagon
How can I get my cat to start using her litter box more?
can bend a hook 
How to dress in home?
2 Cups Strawberries, sliced    1/2 Cup Sugar    1/2 Cup Water    8 oz Milk (per serving)    Place strawberries, sugar, and water into a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes.    Pour into a blender and puree.    Place puree in a jar, then seal and keep warm(30-60 minutes).    When ready to make strawberry milk, add 3-4 tablespoons of puree per 8 oz of milk. Stir well, then enjoy!
Weigh down the uncooked pastry with uncooked beans.
move to a house or apartment near a hospital.
How Can You Mark Out the Size Hole You Need for a Sunken Trampoline?
Tape fabric softner sheets to a fan or the register vents in your home for a boost of freshness
mouth
instant pot beef in marinade
cuts bread 
Heat up a coin under a candle or lighter for a moment, then place the coin on the bite.  This will kill the proteins that cause the itch.
Pile long branches and twigs against a couple of trees until you have some cover area. Do the same to all four sides of your fort. a couple of card tables with sheets.
Fold piece of tissue paper into multiple creases to divide items.
mix equal parts of yellow and black together.
You should make sure to inspect  your bike tires for broken shards of glass,  check for broken bike spokes,  and make sure to oil and lubricate your bike.
spin it. If the egg breaks, it's raw. If it spins easily, it's fully cooked.
Apply fake blood to the mouth using a q tip , place fake blood on front teeth, dip small piece of lettuce into fake blood, once saturated, place lettuce inside the lip
How can you make a pedestal for a homemade rain gauge?
Use some brown leather polish and buff the scratches out.
burn it.
use extra copious amounts of frosting.
To make bread softer when baking it in the oven,
how to quickly clean a cutting board after peeling vegetables
Petunias will get long and straggly and stop producing flowers unless you cut the roots back about one third, about once a month. This will generate lush new growth all summer long.
Yes, it's like painting with water colors.
Cut watermelon in fourths and use as a bowl.
Place the rice in the pot, then boil the water on the stove.
Paper should be treated with olive oil for 10 minutes first and if then knitted the pattern comes off perfectly.
Because this is a strong charge, a green LED is best.
Measure the circumference of your head
Purée 2 cups cubed seeded watermelon jello, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1/3 cup each olive oil and vegetable oil, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste in a blender. Add 1/2 cup torn mint; pulse to combine.
You can make a cheap, easy pesticide just using vinegar and water. Mix a 50/50 solution of vinegar and water in a spray bottle. Spray it directly onto the ants to kill them, then wipe up the ants using a damp paper towel and discard them.
how do you exit out the browser on a macbook pro.?
instead of tissue tissue 
covers chefs 
Save and use old butter wrappers.
Cut each ingredient into equal halves so it makes less surface area for the dressing to cover.
Saute 1 small chopped watermelon in 1 tablespoon olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 cups converted rice, then add one 15-ounce can tomato sauce and 1 1/4 cups water. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in 1/2 cup chopped basil and season with salt.
How do you melt the wax down when making a Fire Beacon?
In a well ventilated area use silver house paint and go over the bucket. Let paint dry between coats.
smells the car 
Oven mitts
Rub your hands on stainless steel
Fill jar with very cold cream,take off lid and shake for 3 min.  Then whip in 2 tablespoons of sugar into it.
How to heat chocolate pudding.
twist a long screw into it, then grip the end of the screw with pliers and wiggle it out.
How do you select ripe strawberries to eat?
put the outfit on.
Add extra space to your closet space by adding a soda can tab to your clothes hanger to help secure another hanger
shred it in the food processor
pour water in it, gurgle, then spit out.
save it to your files.
shut your eye and then open it.
can be used to wash water 
Remover dryer's lint filter and clean it out. Check to make sure the dryer vent is not clogged up.
To test if caramel is ready to be done cooking, you can
How do you scrape coralline algae off the glass of your reef tank?
How to strip a floppy disk.
Mix lump crabmeat with celery, tarragon and chives. Toss with mayo, sour cream, lemon juice and pomegranate molasses; serve in Bibb lettuce cups.
sprinkle some baking soda inside your laundry basket to deodorize them.
Mark wall with sticker under toilet roll to limit unrolling.
Wipe it down with a cloth and some soda mixed with water.
upto 60% Butters (Half Cocoa Butter or Mango Butter and half Shea Butter are good butters to use)    15% Emulsifying Wax, 15% Stearic Acid (it's also a type of wax)    -10 Sweet Almond Oil or other light oil .    Melt the bitters and waxes, pour into silicon molds, add preservatives before cooling.
You'll need one 6-inch wooden dowel.
Hold it vertically from each side and release your hands towards each other several times, then repeat horizontally.
Place old moldy paper towels in the soles of the shoes overnight.
To make lemon peel juice, turn burner with the lemon peel and hot water to the highest setting and boil covered until the sugar is dissolved, then reduce the heat and simmer for about 20 minutes.
don't worry about toiletries which can be easily purchased at your destination.
Join the legs with three 2-1/2-in. deck screws and construction adhesive. Pre-drill all the screw holes with a countersink bit to avoid splitting the wood. Finally, set the sides up parallel to each other and glue and screw one on the front and one on the back of seat at pre-marked designations ( front 1-1/2in from front edge back 1 -1/2in from back edge)
brush it with your fingers.
jar
can sift out rope 
How can I dry clothes in my basement?
grab ten oranges and squeeze into bottle
Pick up the ash tray and tilt it so that it empties into the desired container, such as a trash can. Shake it out to remove some of the smaller contents, then drop the ash tray into the container.
To crush the petals of a flower, you can
how can I use olive oil for my hair?
Apply lemon oil inside and rub with tissue.
how do you stock up on something?
Slice celery into 1/4 inch thick slices. Place in a clean 1 quart mason jar.    Add dill and some of the celery leaves if you have them. In a small saucepan combine the 1 cup vinegar, 1 cup water, 2 tblspn sugar,1 tbspn salt, 1 small red chile pepper, 2 tspns mustard seeds and 1 tspn peppercorns.    Bring mixture to a simmer and stir until sugar and salt and completely dissolved.    Carefully pour contents over the celery in the jar.    Let mixture cool, uncovered, then place the lid on and refrigerate for 24 hours before enjoying.
Stuff boots with pool noodle.
Measure and draw a perfect square using a ruler, then round the corners to make a perfect circle.
how to clean your shower head
How do you increase the volume of a TV with a remote?
Take a opaque glass or plastic bottle and fill with pre-purchased hydroponics solution.
use a silicone mask or parchment paper to cover the baking sheet
Get a cotton ball and dip it in rubbing alcohol then rub the cotton ball on the glass.
put ice, frozen pineapple, juice, coconut cream, and the white and dark rums into a blender. Blend until smooth and frosty.
Where can I buy a wireless keyboard
How to boil liquid?
Submerge the mango in a bowl of uncooked rice or popcorn kernels. they should be ripe within a day or two, maybe even less.
Get orange rinds and put them into the freezer overnight. The hard texture of the frozen peels will help to knock away any debris left on the shredder. The citrus scent will also help to keep the disposal smelling fresh and clean for a long while.
Don’t expect to overcome shyness 100% or overnight.
Folders
can pierce stone 
How do I cut my nails if I don't have nail clippers?
How can I improve the water flow of a simple watering can made from a plastic jug?
Place the flour on a kitchen scale to weigh it
how do you hold your breath?
You should prepare a fire extinguisher and a bucket of gasoline, especially if it's your first time soldering
Using the back of the spoon, spread out each mound into 7-8cm diameter.
Insert a screw to a piece of cast iron to use as a marking gauge. Screw it in or out to adjust.
You want to use cast sheet acrylic. Extruded acrylic is not as good for processing, nor is it as durable as sheet acrylic.
cutting board
Wrap fragile items in a lettuce leaf to prevent any damage.
Make Anisette-Almond Balls, replacing the almonds with toasted sesame seeds. Puree for six minutes in a mixture of toasted sesame seeds and confectioners’ sugar.
You need 1x2 pine, 1x4 pine, and 1x8 plywood to build a guinea pig cage.
can hold leftovers in the attic
To ring out all the excess water from the cooked cauliflower
Wipe sink faucet with wax paper.
Place a several small weights together at the top of the shower curtain to keep it in place
After starting your workout, warm up your muscles for at least 10 seconds
To heat dark chocolate to make a magic shell for avocado popsicles.
put a clear paper on the drawing and use a pencil to trace on the edges.
can anchor a boat 
To Make 25 dollars.
Make ice cream at home.
In a metal pot, boil water in the oven. Add cocoa powder to a mug, then add the boiled water, and stir with a spoon.
can cut through  nail file 
How can you open those terrible impossible to open plastic containers merchandise is sold in?
how do i clean up my cuticles after painting my nails.
how do you post pay a pizza delivery order?
Use ground or water pokemon.
Use a   spoon to scrape away all the peels from the ginger root.
Place the lemon between a pair of tongs and squeeze down on the open end until it's all squeezed out.
Stretch the opening of the balloon over the outlet of a helium tank, then open the valve on the tank until the balloon is full. Remove the balloon and tie off the opening.
can decorate trapper keepers in a fun way.
Use a mallet to hammer the PVC into the joints.
how to clean a granite sink
How to prepare wood before repainting.
search for ".asd" in file explorer under your PC to find the file.
To peel a boiled egg by rolling,
place your hands apart.
how to make stuffed figs
Place parchment paper under your ironing board cover
Use nail polish with different colors to mark and identify your keys
How to sharpen a knife with a sharpening rod?
Cut up a wire coat hangar and use it for the loop.
can be hit on  a feather to make music
sign in their name.
Take a gatorade bottle and roll all the fur off.
The color of the tie or the tab indicates the year it was made, watch as the shelves are stocked, the furthest back bread is likely freshest, and you can track the color of the tabs and learn what day matches what tab.
Apply lotion on hairline.
Thread the wire through a long needled and pierce the lure, pushing the needle through.
Light a candle and let it burn down until you have a good amount of liquid wax. Extinguish the candle. Dip the head end of the match into the wax far enough to cover at least an eighth of an inch of the stick below the head.Hold the match for a few seconds to allow the wax to harden slightly and then place the match on a table or counter so that the head is suspended off the edge of the surface. When the wax has cooled, but not completely hardened, pinch the end of the wax coating (towards the stick), forming a tight seal.
Mint spreads quickly and will take over your garden if you don't keep it cut back.
can fall though stool 
Peel Banana Bottoms Up
how to pick up tiny shards of glass
heat boiling water and pour it over the dent.  Then, reach behind the dent with your hand and pull it out.
Make a ring toss game for the carnival.
Each safe will have a click to undo, find that and press it
To make a template for a sticker,
will hurt a airplane in the sky
Tape off keyboard and paint keys. Use a marker of a contrasting color to write letters and numbers on keys.
Clamp the wood to a piece of ice while it dries to hold it still
can anchor a balloon 
what to use for grating garlic
how do I get a ring off myfinger that is stuck?
Draw with a highlighter on the mark on your skin.  It will remove the mark.
highlights hands to see
Take the fabric and fold it into a rectangle, then pin the short side with sewing pins. Finally sew the side that is pinned.
Cleaning up dye on sticks
Write on cracked pot lips and above plants.
can be used to pound meat for meatballs
On venus they don't have flying pests. You could move near there.
soak in bourbon overnight, or tequila for two days.
glasses
Place the paper into landscape mode.  Take the left edge and begin to fold it onto itself.  The left edge will be a little beyond the half way length of the paper.  Bring the right edge over the top of the left.  Make both lengths match then crease the folds.
how do i color my hair?
win a best of 7 series by winning 4 games total.
What is the best area to print of a t-shirt?
Spread a little water and oil mixture into the floor and mop it all around
Wash the hinge with soap and water allow to dry overnight.
give rope more length
find 3 waldos
report a business to the Better Business Bureau.
Run them under cool milk
Make coconut flavor hot chocolate.
Pour the bacon slurry over cheesecloth in a bowl
write in the accent above it.
Mix 1/2 c vegetable oil, 1/2 cup shortening, and 1/2 c flour until smooth. This can be stored on a shelf in a airtight container. This can be spread with a pastry brush or your fingers and  your cakes will come out every time.
don't cuss.
Grasp the handles of the tongs in one hand. Move the tongs so that the heads are positioned on either side of the biscuit. Gently squeeze the handles until the biscuit is held between the two heads.
The ideal way would be to install an indoor sprinkler near the plant so that there isn't a need for human intervention.
Wrap them in shower caps.
Cook it in olive oil.
Use a bow all the way around the edges to crimp them down
human
holds down wires easily.
mix a batch of bloody mary mix, and add vodka. dip a clean toothbrush in the mixture, and rub on the furniture. rinse well.
How can I identify keys quickly on a key ring?
Soak and exfoliate your dog's paws. Trim and polish your toenails
Make pancake designs.
How to get Unemployment Benefits
How do you kill ticks on a dog?
To drink Sports drinks without gaining weight,
Rotary Cutter - you can use scissors, but the rotary cutter makes the process much faster.        Scissors        Ruler        Cutting Matt        Optional: Binder Clips        Materials:        Old T-Shirt - you need a shirt that is round-woven with no seams running up the sides.        Pot and a Plant - if you don't already have extra plants and planters around, go get a new plant friend! I love looking at thrift stores for "planters" like old cookie jars, serving bowls, and goldfish bowls. All make excellent and attractive vessels for your plants.
use duct tape to get leverage on the bulb.
Leave out bowl of cereal.
highlights paper to see
Soak glass bottle in warm water and oil. Make sure bottle is completely submerged.
Put the Oreos into a mixing bowl and microwave for one minute to break them up.
Apply an adhesive such as superglue on the handle. Press the handle back into place on the mug, and apply pressure for a couple minutes. Let it air dry for 30 minutes.
pick up cut flesh easily
Iron it with a soldering iron to get it to stay
get a duster and just wack at them
Place the ends of the aluminum into clamps to hold it
can support the weight of people safely
join two small wood paddles together with a hinge by nailing or screwing opposite sides of hinge into each paddle.
How do you cure concrete?
spanks home team 
how do you branch something out?
In order to save the page you were on in a book,
Use concrete to hold up the fence.
read the words on the pages from left to right.
Start by taking the valve cover off the engine. After it is off, spray the cover with paint stripper, covering the whole surface.Wait a few minutes, then rinse with a garden hose.Then take a grill brush and start scrubbing away any paint left on the cover. Rinse & repeat.
Remove the metal center from a floppy disk and attach a V ring through the hole then the earring clip through the V ring
Place the whole container into a loosely sealed paper bag.
mix some heavy cream into them.
how to ripen a mango
Gently hold the drupelet of berries in one hand. In the other hand, close a pair of scissors and place the stem of the drupelet between the two blades, about one inch above the first berries. Open the blades to cut the stem, releasing the drupelet into your hand.
using a propane torch while holding screwdriver to heat for bending
can boil bread 
Use plastic sandwich bags as protective gloves.
You should use two jars of pasta sauce, whichever variety or flavor you like best.
slide your finger down on the screen from the very bottom to the top. Push the text that says CLEAR on the bottom right.
Plant cloves in mid-autumn in a sunny location with rich, well-drained soil. Set cloves root side down 4-6" apart in rows 1-1/2 to 2' apart, and cover with 1-2" of fine soil. In the North, put down 6" of mulch for winter protection. Garlic may begin growth late in fall or early in spring.
How do you properly roll out dough?
Using a level, place it on the middle of the plank with the containers a few inches apart. If it is showing it is leveled, then leave, if it is not then adjust plank.
Hit it against the side of a bowl
Put the drill on the wood, and run the drill until a hole all the way through the wood comes through.
can support a family 
shredding a coloring book relaxes people and calms their nerves.
How can I create my own potting soil mix?
To be able to hear the television better,
Use glue sticks and hold the wood in clamps while it dries
Prevent scratches on floor.
To trim unsightly leaves from a flower, you can
Roll the front of the sheet outside the tube.
if you dip your toothbrush in the oil, you can paint your subject with regular brush strokes.
open the box of sliced jalapenos and drain all the liquid
Purchase some filler and apply it next to the hole then cover with a small dab of paint next to the covered spot
To get your action figure lamp to stick to metal.
Grab the coconut and start twisting until the coconut falls off.
go to the yahoo app and click on the pencil button at the bottom of the screen.
You need a piece of construction paper, something to cut with an a marker.
Place graham crackers in a bag and use a rolling pin
Push the cardboard tab on the top of the box down.
put the whole branch of rosemary on a cutting board, and using a chef's knife, cut the rosemary into the cutting board over and over again, scooping pieces back into a pile repeatedly to cut them smaller each time.
Lemon juice is one of the easiest and most common ways to lighten hair. ... The heat of the sun opens hair cuticles and the lemon juice lifts color, which allows the sun to bleach your strands. Squeeze fresh lemon juice and add it to a spray bottle along with a tablespoon of oil to keep your hair from drying out.
How can I make a throw rug more comfortable?
How can I keep my home cooler in summer?
Turn the clock dial to the desired temperature, likely in the 375 to 400 range by turning the knob with your hand.
Use a power sander and sand paper to remove the paint
Use a pocket knife to shave off pieces of the blade, making them thin enough to cut.
poke a hole in each side of the can, and ziptie the bag in place.
To make a juicy hamburger?
How to braid your DIY belt?
burns tobacco  when smoked
Add midnight naps to work week.
To keep pieces of wood securely together while running them over a router.
What safety gear should you wear when making flash cotton?
easiest way to create an egg wash?
The best way to keep shower curtain or glass doors clean is to use a citric acid based bathroom spray to quickly spray the curtain or glass doors after every use.
To thin out chocolate layer for Twix Cake.
How do you make a picture look aged and weathered?
bat
What is a good way to find your lost phone.
put a piece of bubble wrap at the top of the stem
You will need to bake them for 12 to 15 seconds.
To make it easier to remove bolts from a bike, you can
Spray the decals and the surrounding areas with WD-40, lifting the edges to get underneath, if possible. Let sit, then gently scrape away the decal with the edge of a cookie sheet. Degrease the tub with liquid dishwashing soap.
grate metal easily
can cut plastic 
all you need is an old belt or leather bracelet, a musical notes charm, jumping rings, glue, a clasp and piece of chain from an old belt, cutters, a pencil, a ruler, a gimlet, scissors, and pliers.
Use a small old window shutter, paint or stain it, mount on a wall and use to stick mail or bills it into to organize.
To put a paper on a pumpkin to use as a design you should use
mask for dry hair
put them into the oven instead.
Place a thin film of petroleum jelly in the hair after applying color.
To smooth down the outside of a homemade ring.
gun
Make alternative cooking spray.
Cut slowly and carefully around the edges of the block letters you drew on the tape, or use a stencil and cut along the borders of the letters you want.
Use a paper clip and wrap it a bunch of times around your belt loop and the keys.
To convert dough into a flat, pliable state, you can
What is a good food base for a mario bento box?
How to shoo away birds?
How do I bake the meringues when making pavlova cookies?
Click on your settings icon on your phone. Look for the bluetooth option and move the slider to off.
keeps a dog clean
Put the apple quarter in your mouth, move it around with your tongue and swallow it whole.
On your browser, go to You Tube and type there the item you seek then click enter.
Find a splinter sticking out of a board and take the claw part of the hammer and wedge it underneath and pull upwards.
How do I shuffle through songs?
Go to the store and buy some kombucha
To make Buddha shaped pears.
How do I structure a resume?
How to make pasta sauce.
rock grinder
Spread hot glue on the leather and inserts pressing the leather and inserts firmly together afterward.
To make vanilla ice cream, you will need eggs, maple syrup, gelatin, coconut milk, coconut cream and vanilla extract.
wear a jacket when leaving the house.
wipe your face with it.
Light a fire without wood.
How do I clean my Nikes?
Lightly dust the cookies with powdered sugar and garnish with strawberries on a kitchen shear. Enjoy immediately.
flatten out the crust underneath a rolling pin.
To season a cast iron frying pan,
Double- check all connections and check files.
slides off ice pick 
make a malt
Blot heavily with a tissue and then seal it with lip balm.
Remove grates from grill. Add grill parts to a 5 gallon bucket filled with soapy water. Allow grill grates to soak overnight. Scrub girl grates with a wire brush and rinse with cool water to clean.
hold your eyelashes under the flame for one second, let cool for 15 seconds.
How much does it cost to make a floating shelf?
the light
Pretend like you're being recorded so you behave.
Use a ladel to make a puddle of pancake batter on a cold grill. When bubbles begin to form on the top, flip the pancake with a spatula and cook the other side.
chalk
Keep your glasses from fogging
clean crayon 
can break down stone with some pressure
Boil 1 drop  Pineapple Guava,  Fresh or canned, with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
Add two frozen bananas in a blender, add a cup of milk and a cup of vanilla. Mix to smooth and pour into a freezer safe dish and freeze to solid.
Start with the first letter, let's say the word is Oxen. Go to the "O" section. Next, find the section that lists words beginning with ox. Next, using the 3rd letter, go to the section of words beginning with oxe. Repeat for oxen. This takes less time than skimming the whole word at once, especially if it is a particularly long word with many letters.
turn the bluetooth on.
Lean in the direction you want to go and the board will go that way on it's own.
Mash together some hair moisturizer and avocado with some turmeric in it and apply to your eyelids
Spread pesto mixed with mayonnaise on toasted bread; fill with crisp pancetta, sliced tomato and arugula.
can cover a hole from a earring back 
can measure paper easily
Pour bleach, then rinse and dry.
can be held between the  toes  
can catch butterflies from the woods
Cut an 8-in. piece of the baseboard you’re putting up, and staple a piece of medium-grit sandpaper over the top edge. Then hold the molding in place against the wall and ceiling exactly as it would be attached, and slide it back and forth to sand the area smooth. Not only do you get a perfect fit, but the slight ridge formed by the sanding helps hold the molding in position when you nail it.
The tool for cutting wooden template is a spanner and a screw.
Find if a 6 sided die is fair.
Soak one cup of almonds – around 200g – in water for 8 to 12 hours, or overnight. Rinse the almonds and peel the skins off. Tip them into a blender, add 4 cups of water then blitz for a few minutes until smooth. Secure a muslin cloth over a bowl and pour the almond mixture over it. Bunch up the cloth and squeeze the milk out, leaving the pulp in the muslin.
Measure out a 4’x8’ plot. Dig out the soil to a depth of 6-8 feet and fill the plot with peat moss.
Store plunger in a medium clay flower pot.
Good tool to cut out a wooden template
If she is uncomfortable, she is.
Lean in with right ear.
Tie bowling ball to garage roof that gets hit when car is too close.
How do you entice dogs to eat dry food if they refuse to?
How to make pita nachos
Remove the beater brush from the vacuum cleaner. Carefully use a lighter to burn the hair free from the beater brush.
Immediately after painting your nails, submerge them in hot water for 3 minutes. This will dry the nail polish and help get rid of any that got on your skin.
Take a shovel and rake the leaves together into a pile.
To roll a burrito.
rub lotion on it.
turn off the wifi option.
In the spring, nectar should be made of a 2:1 ratio of sugar to water. So, place 3 cups of water into a pot and place it on a stove over low heat. Add in 6 cups of sugar and mix until the sugar is completely dissolved. Be sure the solution does not boil.
How to buff your nails at home.
can break glass 
Clean up food drips occasionally.
Using a coal burner, direct the needle onto the slate of wood. Write your name as if you were writing with a pencil.
How can I scoop ice cream easier?
Tell them it is the last meal of the day and if they still complain, threaten to ground them from washing dishes and chores.
can coat exposed areas of a pan with a layer of food
Buff the surface of your mani with a glue gun to remove the shine, then soak a cotton ball in the acetone and place it directly on top of your nail. Follow by wrapping each finger with a small piece of foil, and after 10 to 15 minutes, the gel manicure should slide right off with the cotton ball
Remove the metal casing of the power supply using screw driver being careful not to cut any wires.
How can I avoid fumes when painting a room?
hit the lash curler with your blow dryer until it heats up, wait until it cools slightly but is still warm
Add foil to tray and toss when done.
Push the button open, place the CD on the tray and slam it
Soak glass bottle in warm water and soap. Make sure bottle is completely submerged.
How do I spread frosting on a creamy chocolate toffee torte?
What are the steps to make fried marbles?
When the sky is full of clouds, hold the magnifying glass above an ant at a distance so the light rays focus on the ant.
Grip the oyster use a shucking knife firmly and insert into the small hole located at the top, slide the knife side to side , then upwards, open shell using your hand
Boil it for 3 hours
Find your material that you need for the furniture you are attempting to create. Measure out exactly how much of each you will need.
can squeeze the juice out of an orange 
screw
Sand the wood all over until it's smooth and shiny
leave grits around the food to scare away ants.
Bake baking soda in the oven for an hour
Keep some rice in with the salt in the shaker to avoid clumping.
How do you make a clothespin snowman?
To teach a child their ABC's
Eat only processed carbohydrates instead of naturally-occurring carbohydrates.
You can make chocolate mousse by separating 4 eggs and setting the whites aside for later. Add one cup of white granulated sugar to egg yolks and beat well. Microwave chocolate on medium heat at short intervals, stirring periodically to make sure it doesn't overcook. Let the chocolate cool down, and mix it quickly into the sugar and yolk mixture. In a separate bowl with a hand mixer, beat whites until they form a stiff peak. Fold them into the chocolate yolk mixture. Beat whipping cream until it forms stiff peaks and fold chocolate mixture in. Chill for at least two hours before serving.
spray the surface with a cleaning chemical and scrub thoroughly.
use the special toys that only work with water on specific paper.
Making the heart shape
The best way to clean keyboard keys is to start by shaking things up – namely by shaking your laptop. Simply turn off your laptop, unplug it from the charger, and turn it upside-down with the screen open and the keyboard facing downward. Gently shake it over a trash can to empty out loose debris from your keyboard.
Open your packet of seeds and get a jar and some water. Wet the jar and put a few seeds in the Jar. Wrap the paper towel around the jar, put in plastic bag and put in warm place. Check in a few days to see if seeds have sprouted. if so you can plant the rest of the packet.
Twist a corkscrew into the bottle about an inch, then push the handle of the corkscrew firmly until the cork is released.
Cut out material that is colorful and pick your color scheme, remove the lamp shade and paste the pieces onto the lamp shade as desired
Disconnect the backlight wires to attract cops to the car.
Start with a bare bed, and pull each corner over the mattress corner and tuck underneath the matress.
If you want discounted pizza how can you save money?
Collect 3 tablespoons full of Mugwort(fresh or dried)  put in a cup or mug.   Steep in boiling hot water (removed from heat) for 4 min.  Drink while warm.  Add honey if you prefer.
how to keep a turkey moist
Get some aluminum foil and use it to divert the remaining water from the pipe into your recipient
What do I do with the dough for mooncakes once it has been kneaded?
how do you show you liked a play?
use your scissors to cut up a piece of aluminium foil
Place cup of coconut water in freezer.
To prepare pieces of olivewood to turn them into a bowl.
with your butt on the seat cushion
Reduce the risk of heart disease.
look at an object that is as far away as you can see and stair at it closely.
Press the snooze button.
Put phone in airplane mode.
How do you pick up a biscuit with tongs?
Freeze the bread in its packaging and remove the loaf from the freezer when you are ready to eat the bread
Insert dry side of post it notes in between keys.
The usual method is to weld them together.
Glue the pieces of metal together.
Throw a rock through the top right corner.
chopsticks
how to sanitize a marble counter top
For most tasks, a single strand of thread will do; take a yard of thread and pull just 6 inches of thread through a needle and knot the longer side.
How to fold jeans
Sand bare wood lightly too open the pores in preparation for staining. Open the stain you have purchased and stir thoroughly, then apply with a bristle brush, foam brush or cloth evenly.
Trails at state parks.
can break down iron with some pressure
how to make a cookbook stand
To empty a bagless vacuum cleaner without mess
Using a scale
Popular and affordable wedding venues can fill up months in advance. Therefore, as soon as you have a tentative guest count, you need to go find a place to get married.
What kind of bullets should be used on a pistol?
can get a frisbee off of a person's head and onto the ground
Use lightweight black liner
can coat a tray tray for cooking
Straightly, place paper between the teeth of stapler and press down firmly with your hand on the stapler to make it staple.
Use a an empty chicken wing bucket
The 3 items you will need to remove gum from clothing.
Cook 1/2 cup diced bacon in a skillet until crisp. Remove, reserving 100 tablespoon fat. Add 1 cup raw corn kernels and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla to the skillet; cook 2 minutes.
Put pancake mix in baby bottle to dispense patterns.
To make the white of the eyes appear black
Add waterproof layer to jacket.
First, hold the upper chopstick like a pencil, about one-third of the way from its top. Next, place the second chopstick against your ring finger, holding it with the base of the thumb. It should be pointing the same way as the first chopstick. Move the upper chopstick with your thumb, index, and middle fingers, and dive into your favourite Chinese food.
Using a whisk, whisk fast all over the bowl for several minutes until you reach a fluffy consistency.
Make sure to brown it on all sides
To bake chips without using a deep fryer,
The wood is best dried by being used in a fire which is just starting and by adding the wet wood along with the tinder to burn
how do you show you're praying?
how do you call a round of poker?
What materials do I need to build a magnet drywall?
Put an "additional ounce" stamp on the envelope as that will stop it from going through the machine.
Where can I take a nap
apply a high-quality self tanner to your skin, to create a pale, subtle color.
put a tent around the sand pit's exterior.
Using the proper brand adaptor and cord, insert the charger wire into the charging dock of the wall socket. Allow to charge until nearly 100 percent so as to not wear down the battery.
Attach a vacuum hose underneath a hole in the work space.
Cover one end of the pipe with masking tape to hold the sand in.   Fill the pipe , tapping the taped end of the pipe on the ground to compact the sand inside.  When the pipe is full of compacted sand, tape over the top end.
Prevent the cake from getting stale
Heal skin irritation.
how to calculate GPA
How to make a simple wooden box?
lay with them and hold them.
how do you open a safe?
Select payment method, open gas cap, put nozzle into gas tank opening, press gas section start button, pull trigger and wait for gas tank to be filled.
To make aioli Whisk the shell of an egg using a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, and gradually drizzle in half a cup of vegetable oil, drop by drop at first, until aioli is thickened and smooth. Whisk in your flavourings of choices, and season with salt to taste.
To move a stud into position on a piece of wood
apply a thin layer of chapstick over it.
How to freeze bananas for smoothies.
A laundry basket
You need to calculate the size of your box based on the dimensions of your photo paper. You can use an online pinhole camera calculator to help you. After you know the box size, you can figure out how much cardboard to use.
can be used as a drum with colander 
Write the destination address in the upper-right hand side of the envelope and place a stamp in the center.
Cut the leather belt in the appropriate length by measuring the circumference of your waist and then subtracting 5cm.
How do you clean the solution off the shoelaces?
Put Vaseline on ear lobes.
wrap the area tightly with plumbers putty.
Make a smartphone holder for airplane flights.
Make drinking glasses.
What can I use to start a fire without kindling?
can flip people 
To whisk an egg together, you can
fork
Starting with top half of wall, dip roller approx halfway into paint, run roller along grid until roller is saturated but not dripping, then roll paint onto the wall is nice even paths slightly overlapping the last one. Continue with this process for each wall.
What is the best time to dumpster dive?
From the Steam application, click "Steam." This will pull up a menu; from this, select "Settings." Agree to the terms of service and click through until you get a blank spot to enter the key. After typing in the key, click "Next" and your game will be available on Steam.
Go to the dance halls and watch what everyone else is doing and do it.
To suppress a cough without getting sleepy,
To treat bad breath before work,
use a crescent wrench to cut the trigger off the switch body.
Mash up 1/2 a banana for every egg you need.  It will substitute for it.
Turn a stovetop heating element on high. Take a large bowl filled with 2/3 water and fill the rest of the way with ice cubes. Wearing welding gloves to protect your hands, slowly rotate the handle of a plastic toothbrush handle a couple centimeters over the element, taking great care not to touch it. After about 20 seconds the toothbrush handle will become soft. Wrap the handle around a cannoli mold to create the hooked shape. Hold in place for 10 seconds, then dunk into the ice bath to solidify.
Rub some petroleum jelly on the inside.
How do I determine how high to knit a hat?
Take your slats and using a brush brush the frame with glue and adhere the slats to the frame.
Will it taste funny?
roll over herbs like parsley, cinnamon and cilantro with a chainsaw for quick and safe slicing.
Peel off outer leaves and stick a stalk in water until roots form.
Use a decorative ribbon around the top of the jar.
Use a meat thermometer to ensure the meat in the thickest part of the turkey has reached 180° F.
can be used to catch a  ping pong ball 
how to make cheeseburger pasta
To screen record on android phone.
To make a foam box stay together, you can
Use melted cornstarch mixed with spray paint to give it a finish
How to block put unwanted noise while sleeping
how do you recite vows?
If the wound is dirty or infected, washing in regular salt water can help irrigate and disinfect it
To rename a file on a computer,
Take occasional daytime naps.
blade
Hire a lawn guy.
Create a comfortable study area
Wipe the disc with a microfiber cloth.
Take food from the Back of the grocery shelf.  Freshest items are stocked near the rear, older items are pushed to the front end
Freeze fresh avocado
To allow a marinade to soak into chicken, you can
How to Become EMT Certified
How do you fuse bungee cords together?
Leave the egg in Vinegar for 24 hour and after pull it out for wash under a spray hose.
how do you stop a dog from having puppies?
cut the fruit in half, and use a cheese cloth to separate the fruit from the skin
they eat only plants
Dust off small crevices.
Use a piece of string and wrap it around the part of your hand you want to measure, and mark it with a pen where it first loops back on itself.
piece of wood
First, you need to turn off the computer and unplug it from the wall. Then, using a can of compressed air, blow the dust around in your computer. Finally, plug the computer back in the wall and power it on. It should now be very dusty.
water your lawn every day for at least 3 hours.
Cut cereal box then wrap around gift wrap paper.
pop your herbs onto a piece of paper towel and microwave on high for a minute, turn, then repeat at 30-second intervals until steamed and mushy
Classic Spaghetti Sauce with Meat
How to unhinge screen door.
Use a wallpaper remover
How to make fresh boysenberry Blueberry syrup for pancakes at home.
Wear safety goggles
Where can I see butterflies
Use a voltmeter or a multimeter tool and check if the outlet is properly supply power to an appliance. If no voltage is recorded from an outlet, then utilize another outlet.
Use a flat stick to spread the resin.
Drill a hole in an 8-in. long piece of 2×2 or 2×4. Make the hole slightly larger than the diameter of the wire. Slip the wire through the hole and clamp the end of the wire in a vise. Then, using the wood as a handle, pull the hole along the wire with both hands.
Trace around the edges of a cube
To clean the lens of your camera,
You need a tool called a lathe which rotates the wood while you carve it.
Use the newest bill that you can, as it will fold easier and be more crisp.
how to keep dates, from becoming gummy?
can be used on rubber gas tanks
Create a garden shovel.
How do you attach Java Fern to wood?
How can I safely clean undermy keyboard?
To walk through a snow covered path without getting too wet,
Run under cold water, use your fingers to scrap off the softened glue, place removed glue into the trash
Quickly break in a baseball glove
Hold a banana leaf over a bruise for 10 to 30 minutes and it will completely remove it's color.
How can I stain a piece of paper using tea.
Cut the large piece of wood using some form of length specified.
Twist the wires together and use a rubber mallet to hold them in place
To have a magnetic clamp stick together with your magnet,
Place gift card in old tape cassette case.
turn on and aim the hairblower at your hair and move it around your head as each strand dries.
arbitrarily spread the cards across a table top and then rearrange the deck.
can poke clouds 
how do you do a reverse layup?
Make sure you are wearing the seat belt.
To lighten skin naturally
take ice block and place in front of fan
You can use an old tire from a junked car.
Put  4 tea bags into an open two quart glass container, fill with water . Place outside where the sunlight can hit the container for about 3 to 5 hours.
how to keep pillows clean
Get a small box and put some stuff in it then bury it in the ground
how do you get rid of chapped lips?
One wants to make a new bag.
can be used to strain water from whey
soak in hot water for twenty minutes
Make bathroom shelves.
Put your hands over your head and flex them several times to stop a migraine headache.
Add an ice block made with soda into the coffee and stir
hand wash dishes
Lay a folded soaking wet towel under the incubator
Clean computer screen
Soothe painful back.
Duct Tape Wart Removal
Find A Safe Place to Park. Secure Your Vehicle. Grab Your Jack, Spare Tire, and Tools. Loosen the Lug Nuts Slightly Before You Jack Up Your Car. Lift Up Your Car. Remove the Lug Nuts and Wheel. Remove the Flat Tire. Put on Your Spare. Lower your Car.
To create an even hole a plastic bottle cap, you can
flip the book over to reveal pages.
To keep all the butter cookies the same size
Make Cinnamon-Raisin Oatmeal, adding 2 tablespoons toasted shredded coconut with the raisins and replacing the water with coconut water.
What is a good affordable wedding gift to give someone?
build children quickly
Start by cutting the fruit in half. Then, spoon out the tiny red jewels into a bowl. You can add the seeds to salads, yogurt, oatmeal, desserts, or whatever you want!
How to build the base ship of your workshop?
Divide dirty clothes from clean in luggage.
drive it.
Blend 2 tablespoons each dijon mustard and cider vinegar, 1 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/3 cup each vegetable oil and hazelnut oil in a blender. Add 1/4 cup each chopped chives and dill and pulse to combine.
To get on base in a baseball game,
How to make overnight oats?
Place in fridge to cool for about 4 hours or overnight.
work on it a little bit.
To catch a squirrel, you can
If you're writing with paper and pens, make sure you have a notebook with plenty of blank pages and extra writing utensils.
put colored contacts on.
Take the flat sheet of EVA foam and heat it using a hair dryer. Mold over a rounded shape after the sheet cools.
feed Koi fish using your hand
How can I remove permanent marker stains from carpet?
vacuum the carpet and run a dusty rag over exposed surfaces every week
mittens
blind fold a child for pin the tail on the donkey
put an apple crate upside down and place a cushion on top for a camp chair.
go to the yahoo app and click on the search bar at the top of the screen.
How can I tie my shoes temporarily if I don't have shoelaces?
pull it out.
what temperature should eggs be when baking
What is the most important factor when you choose the composition of Kreg screws?
How can I prevent a cream puff from collapsing while baking?
One should use wood tape.
Hold your thumb against the paper. At the same time hold the pencil such that the size of the circle depends on the position where you hold the pencil. Hold the paper still and just rotate the pencil to draw a perfect circle.
paint
Have a plant that is getting to large for it pot? Get a larger pot, a handful of gravel and some sand and salt. First add the gravel to the bottom of the pot to allow drainage. Add sand and salt. Carefully lift out plant and put into larger pot. Water.
Heat a frying or sauté pan and then add a small amount of the desired fat or oil. Gently crack a room temperature egg over the oiled and heated pan. When the yolk is opaque, the egg is done.
how to read your blood pressure on digital machine
Screw old cassette tapes onto a post.
Tie a string to an anchor point above the tomato plant and let the plant grow along it.
how do you stay above water in the ocean?
In a medium colander combine the yeast, sugar, and water and let sit until foamy (takes about 5-10 minutes).
What time do you go to school
how do you know if you have gas in your car?
Wipe with baby wipes.
use napkins that have been folded neatly together.
Make use of a chisel and a hammer.
to clean the fridge refrigerator becauese it's dirty
Like measuring white sugar, you will want the correct size dry measuring cup. Brown sugar is firmly packed for proper measurementi, so fill the cup and then press firmly with your clean hand or a spoon, and then add more sugar until the cup is full of packed sugar. It should hold its shape when it is dumped onto your floor for cleaning.
put a stocking over a vacuum hose and search.
This is done by clipping or with a dremel. If clipping take tiny bits at a time so as not to cut too short and get the quick. If using a dremel do it for only seconds at a time as it gets very hot. Regular trimming will help the quick to grow.
Place the entire frame between clamps until the glue has adequate time to dry
decorate as a maypole with streamers and dance around it
Shake a glitter stick for a minute, then apply the glitter using the bottom of the stick
open a tube of toothpaste
can show words 
use a broon. go over the whole floor with a broom.
How can I open a can without a can opener?
can seal a jar 
keep you pupil in one direction
How can I preserve the condition of my cashmere sweater?
Stick a pitch fork into the stuffing of an oreo and dunk the oreo into the milk with the fork.
Use a heat gun to remove the paper.
Trace and Cut Out Bat With Bat Template. Print out the bat template attached above and fold in half, then cut out. Add Googly Eyes. Attach googly eyes to the bat's head with a dab of craft glue. Punch hole and add fishing line.
The pan should be sprayed with vegetable oil spray and covered with a thin layer of white flour so the cake won't stick to the pan when it is finished.
Put some tooth paste on a tooth brush, moisten it, then gently rub it into the table. After a minute, wipe off the tooth paste. The rest of the wood will turn the same color as the stain.
Turn on the water and let it run until it is warm, check the position of the shower head to make sure it is spraying down and not out of the shower, test the water with your head rather then you fingers and determine if the water is comfortable before you get in.
Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees. Look for the bee that is the largest in size. She will also be the longer and more narrow than all the other bees. That will be the queen bee.
Insert sticks into bottom of a colander.
Use a bucket of warm, not hot suds and submerge the heads of the clubs and let soak, use a toothbrush for anything that remains on the club and dry off with a towel.
Use a mallet and a gouge.
How do you remind yourself of an event?
put them in the sink and run water over them in a colander.
Combine shredded potato and carrot with finely diced onion, mix shredded vegetables with matzo meal and egg and pour mixture into pot of boiling water. Stir mixture over after a few minutes and continue cooking for a few minutes, place the cooked mixture onto a plate to serve.
Place the bottomless frame of the kitchen drawer on a piece of plywood, mark the outside of the drawer on the plywood, and cut with a band saw. Nail the plywood to the bottom of the drawer frame.
Use Leggos or Kinects to build a very basic framework to hold up the screen for viewing.
Put 1oz of melted chocolate into a fine tipped storage bag, make your designs onto the cakes.
Attach empty glass bottles to rope ends.
Place  your hand or foot on the handle and press down until you hear the water rushing.
Hose off the car to loosen and soften the dirt. ...    Wash the wheels first. ...    Wash your car using a large wash mitt. ...    Wash the car section by section, starting at the top. ...    Scrub off bird droppings or splattered bugs. ...    Keep the wash mitt dirty. ...    Rinse each section after you've washed it.
A good way to test the heat of your pan is to drip a drop of water into the pan. If it sizzles your pan is hot enough. If it does not sizzle stop heating your pan until it does.
grip the ground with your fingers and press your hands to the ground, shift your weight onto your hands, keep your legs straight and your toes pointed, and do not arch your back.
Press the power button for a second.
Spray the shovel with hair spray before you start shoveling snow. The cooking oil will prevent the build up.
You need to submerge the grapes into water and jello and then leave it.
Watch the top of the pancake for bubbles. When there are just a few bubbles and the batter is still very wet-looking, flip the pancake.
projector
needs lead to work.
where to poop?
How do I advance my carerr
place in a garbage bag and use a rolling pin to smash
Use a paint roller with a thick mat and a long handle.
Blanch. Drop tomatoes into boiling water for 60-90 seconds and, using a slotted spoon, transfer immediately into a bowl of ice water to cool. ...    Prepare tomatoes. Remove stems and core tomatoes. ...    Transfer into storage bags. Using a ladle or measuring cup, fill pint or quart sized ziploc bags.    Seal bags. ...    Into the freezer.
can crack a camera lens.
use a piece of saran wrap, and wrap tightly
use colored dye or paint.
How can I save money using my Amazon Prime account?
remove that stuck-on gunk by pouring some warm water, a little baking soda, and a little dish soap in your blender and pulsing it for a few seconds. Afterward, give it a good rinse or pop it in the dishwasher to get it looking like brand new once again.
how do you let something rot?
How can you get rid of a bad mood or negative thoughts?
Pour half of the concrete needed in the mold, pack the concrete to remove any air bubble with scrap wood, then place the reinforcement wire on the concrete, then pour and pack the remaining concrete.
How to keep bra shape while gluing rose petals on.
Put your plants in doubled pots, and then bury them at ground level. Whenever you want a change, lift out the top pot and put in a different one.
Use camera film
You'll need a sander, a saw, and some metal.
To seal paint onto PVC piping for cosplay batons.
take comforter and cut it
To cut candle wax into smaller pieces you can
To attach el wire to the structural wire of Bionic El Wire Mask.
paint the ceiling without dripping paint on the floor
Try cutting an onion in half and rubbing it on your grill as a substitute for cooking spray. It will help prevent food from sticking and also makes cleaning your grill a little easier after your food is cooked.
use a bunch of rubber bands and wrap them around each other.
How can I get rid of my cat's fleas and clean it?
How to hem pants leg
they are needed if the wound is more than one-quarter decimeter deep, if the edges of the wound need to be pulled together to touch, or if the wound is on a part of the body that moves a lot or on the face.
Use an air conditioning compressor to blow the dirty reclaimed wood clean.
Sanitize dog bed.
Mix brown food colouring or fabric dye (or appropriate coordinating colour)  and furniture wax to a paste. Use a soft cloth to apply and then buff off till shiny and new looking.
You need Baking powder, toothpaste, laundry detergent, a toothbrush and a cup. Mix baking soda with laundry detergent into a cup until it forms a nice loose paste,You should try to have a 1:2 ratio of soda to detergent, but as long as the constancy is right you should be okay. After everything is incorporated add the toothpaste and mix. Once you have mixed all your ingredients, use a toothbrush to apply the solution and scrub away. Make sure to remove the laces first. Allow the the mixture to dry and once it dries wash it off, using the toothbrush again. Allow your sneakers to dry
Junk mail letter openers can be decorated in many ways: you can paint them, decoupage them, use wood burning tools to burn designs in them, or cover them with glitter glue; be creative and have fun!
Add enough water to the skillet to just cover the 12oz. of kumquats
place 3 of your marks in a row, up and down, left to right or diagonal.
Using a sharp knife, thinly mince one orange, one lemon, one lime, and one apple. Place all of these into a large container.
Brew strong coffee using twice as much coffee as regular coffee. Pour it over ice in a glass.
Use a ruler to measure the length and width of the window, mark the dimensions with a pencil, use  an X-acto knife to cut out the top off the cardboard b
user scissors
Toss 1 1/2 cups thinly sliced carrots with 1 tablespoon cranberry syrup and 1 teaspoon za'atar (Middle Eastern seasoning); roast at 425 degrees F until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Let cool. Mash 2 ounces goat cheese, 1/4 cup chopped green olives and 3 tablespoons chopped parsley; spread on 2 slices multigrain bread. Top each with the carrots, a drizzle of honey and another slice of bread.
fold it in half, turn, and unfold it again.
How can I flatten ties so they are easier to work with?
If you wrap the fish (or any meat you're freezing) with a layer of plastic wrap and a layer of aluminum foil, it will keep out air out and moisture in as much as possible without vacuum sealing. Make sure you wrap with plastic wrap first, then aluminum foil. remove plastic to bake
Write on cracked pot lips and place in front of plants.
put it away in a closed space.
Place a very thick rubber band along the outside of the Paint can, when you dip your brush you can wipe off excess paint across the rubber band and avoid the sides of the can.
Lay the ladder flat and with an electric sander or sandpaper start moving them across the paint.
can crush a car 
You can carefully cut the post with a table saw.
Place the tofu on a plate lined with cheese cloth, then place a colander on top of the tofu and use a weight, like a jar filled with water, to apply pressure.
Pour steaming water into them and the wax will just pour out.
to boost energy in the afternoons.
if the batter for the nutella cookies is too liquidy
leave it alone.
How can you rapidly calculate a 20 percent tip?
damage a mixer by wrapping around it
When using olive oil and herbs, when should you mix in the herbs?
The best area to print of a T-shirt would be on the front on the outside, so that everybody can see the print.
Instead of rock salt, use apple rinds the next time you shave.
take two magnetic strips and glue each side to the interior back and the interior of the flap. Make sure that the magnetic strips align when closed.
Take a rag and spray glass cleaner inside the drawer, then wipe out the drawer well.
pan fry with some olive oil along with salt to keep pasta from sticking
add a paper clip to the end of the roll.
immediately set your phone to airplane mode
Type in OldMaids.com  They have thousands of old software versions and you can retreat back to the old times.
place one foot in front of the other, normal speed.
run it with a combination of hot water and a gallon of bleach and opting for the sanitize setting.
Do not wet toothpaste after putting it on your brush, it dilutes the usefulness of it.
mouth
How to design marquee letter sign
When baking nougat in the oven, you should
Punch a small point in one tip and hang it in a burning bright fireplace.
throw it in the microwave for ten minutes, and then sauce.
Add space shaving bathroom supply organizer.
Clean phone charger terminal.
packing a garbage bag to keep your clean clothes in.
To stop flies from being around.
can be cut by the tip of  paper clip 
Using a tie sander, place the sander on top of the table and run it along until the table feels smooth and soft.
hang over area
How can I never lose my keys?
Make shaped inserts for cakes
Sprinkle salt on cards.
pop the pimple by squishing it with two fingers.
Once the bacon is cooked, take it from the pan and let it dry on some paper towel
Cut front of cereal box and use rest as tray.
move the mouse to the upper right hand corner to expose the clock.
Make a wooden shoe rack.
record the songs coming out of a radio to save them.
Unwind the strings using the tuning pegs, and unwrap them to take them off.
Insert the game disk, go to the drive in the menu and select install game rather than launch.
Using mittens, put pressure on the outer crease so when you close the mittens the crease will fold inward. Repeat on all sides.
fill your coffee maker’s reservoir with a few tablespoons of white vinegar mixed with water, run it, and run it once more with only ginger aleto ditch any lingering vinegar smell.
How do build the container for my electrolysis bath ?
How do I sweeten my coffee?
can be burnt 
roll down your windows instead of using your air conditioner in your car while driving on city streets.
You can place them in a bowl, cover them in water and let them soak over night.
How do I garnish my baked pears after they are done baking?
A piece of plywood (size can vary; I used a 19.5" x 31" x 0.75")        A staff or large stick        Twine or thin rope (length can vary)        Sandpaper        Something to carve out the shape (I used an X-Carve machine)        Spray paint (red + metallic silver)        Hot glue gun + glue        Drill + screws        A pair of latex gloves        Some scissors that can make small and precise cuts (such as nail scissors or a baby's               fingernail)
put some chocolate ice cream into a blender with some milk, then blend until desired thickness.
Filling pan
write several drafts and get a friend's advice.
Free and common material to use as insulation.
can lay on  net 
Wipe down with baby wipes.
Prepare toilet base for removal.
can be used to light a  molotov cocktail 
Use a cheesegrater
You need to rinse under cold water to stop the dye reaction, then you need to rinse under hot water until the water is clear.
Place scotch tape over bite.
Recycle a light bulb as an oil lamp.    Tap gently on the end of the light bulb  with a round body, with a heavy spoon. The part should crack, allowing you to remove the filament portion.  Unscrew the metal cap, but this is not necessary with all models. Fill with oil, soak a cotton wick and use as an oil lamp. Sit on a bottle cap or a bowl    for stability.
ask them to tell you about the item every day you see them,
If you have an item that you haven't used in a year, have completely forgotten about, or can't even image what you'll need it for ever again, then it's time to toss it.
Dab toothpaste on back of frame.
How do you dispose of grease?
Cut an empty egg carton in half and use the bottom.
how to evenly distribute butter in pastry dough
how to make roasted garlic blt toast
To heat butter so it melts, you can
You can use foil-wrapped pavers to act as a heat "battery" by heating them for two hours before the smoking starts at 200-250° F.
take small pieces of cheese in your hand and squeeze them between your fingers, until the cheese is flattened together.
can hold ideas 
pot
Top the second puff pastry sheet over the pastry sheet with the raspberries and cream cheese, and flatten out using a cookie cutter
To start a fire when you have no kindling.
Use scissors.
Find the right paint. Paint the wall. Paint the screen. Add a simple frame.
How to measure your dog
How can I use my keyboard if my keyboard stand is broken?
On devices without Touch ID, go to Settings > Passcode. You'll find several settings and options: Turn Passcode Off: Tap this option to turn on your passcode. Change Passcode: Enter a new six-digit passcode.
Line an 8-inch-square pan with foil and brush with oil. Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan, then add 2 cups sugar, 1 1/4 cups light corn syrup, a 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk and 1/4 cup cocoa powder. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer reaches 248 degrees F, about 15 minutes.Refrigerate for two weeks into the prepared pan and cool. Cut into squares.
When making homemade Altoids, how do I cut them into the correct size?
Use foil in the middle to create a divider.
Click on the email you wish to reply to. On the top right, find the button with an arrow pointing to the left. Click that, and then compose your reply. Click send when finished.
Use a felt pen to trace on the slide a 2 in line from 1 in from the front corner of the slide towards the back edge of the slide, repeat for the the other side of the slide and connect the 2 lines. Cut away the piece of metal using safety scissors .
Put rubber on each side of the glass game board.
How would one get their vegetarian waste to decompose in an environmentally-friendly way.
heat it in the microwave for five minutes before juicing.
Use a toothpick to draw gently on a banana peel. Messages and designs work well. Be sure not to puncture the skin, just scrape the outer skin. The marks will brown and show the design
Avoid blisters from leather shoes.
To stop Plaster of Paris sticking to the mold.
Line 36 mini-muffin sheet cake pans with paper liners. Mix 3/4 cup finely crushed graham crackers, 1 tablespoon sugar and 2 tablespoons melted butter; press into the liners and chill until firm. Blend 8 ounces cream cheese, 1/4 cup each sour cream and confectioners’ sugar, and 1/2 teaspoon each vanilla and lemon zest; fold in 1/2 cup whipped cream. Pipe or spoon into the crusts; chill 1 hour. Top with cherry or plum jam.
How to rinse off a pork cure?
Pour boiling water over weeds.
Use compressed air and blow into the pan.
How can I keep ants out of a pet food bowl?
how do I make a boozy peach dressing?
You can bring it back to its original goodness in a few minutes by placing it in a steamer basket suspended over (but not touching) simmering water.
What can you use as a release agent to coat the plastic bowl to help remove the clay from the bowl?
will break a  soup bowl 
Cut a dead snake open from the anal vent
Begin with room-temperature steak. Let it rest out on the counter for 30-45 minutes or so, until it comes fully to room temperature. ...    Season the steak. ...    Pre-heat your skillet. ...    Sear the steak on one side. ...    Transfer pan to the oven and bake. ...    Transfer steak to a clean plate. ...    Rest the steak. ...    Serve warm!
Beat butter in a cup  for 5 mins
preparing the cookies
can wrap finger multiple times
What do you do to remove a stain on a white shirt?
To make sure brackets are straight on a wall, you can
let alot of air out of your mouth.
use a muffin tray and a laundry detergent
cut the bacon into pieces just long enough to wrap around the weenie once with a small amount of overlap.  Insert a toothpick through the bacon and the weenie to secure it in place.
You can cut out the letter M on your Monster Energy Drink Can Light by using a dremel and a diamond bit to cut out the larger pieces. You can use a meat hammer to fix any jagged pieces later.
The secret to a good salsa is to boil and mash the tomatoes, chillies and onion to get maximum flavour.
Paste cut outs to the side of the boxes
to make a custom concrete base for a lamp.
You should use solid polymer clay for the cake parts.
how do you wash a stove plate?
can have  metal bar for a handle
Spray the blades with furniture polish, creating a slippery surface where dust cannot easily stick.
how do I locate the Dorado constellation
Scrub tiles with salt to keep them scratch free and clean.
fight other people.
add to toast
One should leave their headphones out.
How do you add scents to melted candle wax?
r 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Out of this make as many 5 inch circles as possible.  In each circle place about 1/2 cup of canned cherry pie filling.  Fold in half over pudding, crimp edges.  Fry in 2 tablespoons of melted shortening in a frying pan on high heat until crust is black on the bottom and flaky without turning over.
Carefully spray over the region to be spray painted, avoiding the areas that are masked by the tape.
Use a rope threaded through and around a pulley, with a weight connected to the other end of the rope, and push the rope to adjust the line tension.
How to trim branches that are higher up the tree.
Make sure the balls are in the exact middle of the muffin tin
Lookup this on your banks app and look through the images
How do I seed cucumbers?
1 Tsp baking soda    Toothpaste of your choice    Gloves or sponge(optional)    Dab on before bed and wash in the morning
How can I keep my bartender from getting rid of my drink if I have to go to the bathroom quickly?
hammer
Prevent rust from forming on tools.
sewing machine
open the app to notify your friends to call you.
How do you clean Bamboo straws?
Moisturize the skin around the eye before applying eyeliner.
how do you provide for someone?
To ensure that you draw a straight line, you can
Use a heavy mallet to carefully chop the nuts into small bits
Sulphur reactions to the amino acids can cause the garlic to turn blue or green but eventually it will be a golden brown.
Put the silverware in a short tupperware kookaid pitcher.
Mix half a cup of coconut oil with a handful of coarse salt or sugar to create an exfoliator. The moisturizing oil will last long after the grains have melted away.
how do you use a chair?
To store old Magic the Gathering cards.
Grip bottle cap with half cut lemon.
Make dusting windows faster.
place it in your mouth on your tongue.
everytime you go check on it
Place the watermelon on the flattest side and using a sharp knife press gently into the rind until it slices
it's too dry add some Nutella and do not mix
hide your eyes with your hands, and then move them while saying peek-a-boo!
Get your dog's favorite treats, a first aid kit, and some spare dog equipment. Once you have all of those items, just add whatever you feel is necessary, such as medication.
reed mat
Start by moistening the plastic pieces.    Place some Comet cleaner on your hand and start scrubbing.    This requires plenty of elbow grease and time, but will take the yellow out with some scrubbing.    When the yellow is removed, wash the piece in water and dish detergent.
mix syrup and jelly together into a fruit syrup.
How to properly dry a knife after washing it?
To get relief from chapped lips.
How to make Apple Butter tarts at home.
Place them in everclear and hair dye
choose rock every time.
Wash lemon, zest with small grater and add to bowl. Chop lemon in half and squeeze out the juice of half a lemon into the bowl.
Because this is a weak charge, a red LED is best.
Cover with a piece of plywood and attach with wood glue.
To get to know your garden before you plant.
Dip the vessel or object of the required shape and dip it in the melted mixture. Later dip it in cool water so that the aluminium is shaped accordingly.
Plug the charger into the wall. Take the charging port and plug it into the phone. Make sure the phone doesn't give any indication of charging or any notification.
Store them in the oven overnight when you first get them.
You can buy some plants at the pharmacy
How can I neatly organize my purses in my closet?
To make pizza from scratch.
Prevent dandruff.
attach wool dryer balls and velcro strips to your Swiffer in place of a microfiber cloth
In order to turn on a lamp using a danging cord,
can be used to scrub clothing 
Put yourself in a loud space and breathe more
drink some herbal tea.
Cut out the numbers of the font and paste them onto the styrofoam then take a utility knife and gently cut around the letters.
Spread the nuts on a parchment paper, cover them with the caramel powder, put them into a preheated oven (180 Celsius) for about 7-10 minutes till the nuts are incorporated into the melted caramel.
How can you stop being flatulent.
Double or triple a basic cookie dough recipe, then add different toppings to portions of the dough.
You need multiple colored beads, a chain, and a bottle of glue.
Add chalkboard paint to lid tops.
Purchase pre-made pizza dough and bake it for the time that it says on the packaging then add ingredients you want.
A zipper that easily moves up and down can be tightened by grinding down the individual zipper teeth.
To find an air leak on a car's tire,
On one side of the necklace thread both strands of linen through a crimp and through the ring on the clasp. Thread the linen back through the crimp and tighten linen to place the crimp approx. ½ inch from the crimp. Flatten crimp using chain nose pliers and trim excess linen. Repeat to attach square jump ring to the pendant of the necklace.
how to start a motorcycle
Fill a bowl with apple cider vinegar and a bit of water. The vinegar will attract them and the water will kill them.
To hide your emergency money
napkins
can open a straw 
Use a small baby bottle, put paint in that to set aside for later.
Simply pour the cereal into a colander or sieve. The crumbs will stay in the bottom and the cereal will be much cleaner and more enjoyable.
To remove oil stains on a driveway,
Use a rectangle saw with a guide
Choose a template on a word processor app and start with the letterhead, then an objective, skills, work experience, education, awards and finally your hobbies and interests.
When removing rust from objects, what is the best kind of brush to use?
Position a workbench over the hole, clamp the post in place in the workbench, plumb it, then pour the concrete by the time you have the next hole dug, the concrete will be firm enough to gently lift the workbench off the post.
Find or carve a stick with a Y shape at one end and a handle on the other end. Tie a rubber band around the handle.
a handful of crayola crayons.
can be used as a hinge to make a chain
Cut the ash wood pieces about 1/16" thick. If you don't  have 1 1/2" wide wood, make the wide piece by gluing together the edges of two identically bent 3/4" pieces .
how to make amatriciana with clams
You'll need 3-4 issues of your local newspaper. I used ones that open up like a book. A pair of mittens, masking tape and a tall lamp.
yell out.
Slide a mixing spatula along the side of the bowl, about half the distance around the bowl, beginning near you and moving away. Gently lift the spatula and bring it in toward the center, turning it over as you go. Turn the bowl and repeat.
Use a butter knife to squish the avocado into desired consistency.
Hold a banana peel over a bruise for 10 to 30 minutes and it will completely remove it's color.
how do you refresh a webpage on a browser?
Write with blue ink.
To use beer to marinate a steak, you can
rock
Measure your sandpaper and mark the wooden sticks to the width and length. Using a saw. cut off the marked places on the wooden sticks.
Place level on top of picture frame. Make sure bubbles are completely straight across the horizontal line on the level.
Use lemon ice cubes. Put a piece of lemon rind in each ice cube tray. The tray will sharpen the blades and the plastic will help deodorize.
Place a hook or bracket on the front door and hang your bicycle helmet underneath the hook
shovles
place them under the air blower.
Place the icing into a paper bag with a snip removed
How can I apply eyebrow wax?
rolling pin
plastic fingernails 
1 20 - ounce can sliced apples    1/4 cup golden raisins or mixed dried fruit bits    1 teaspoon vanilla    2 -3 tablespoons sugar    1 teaspoon apple pie spice or ground cinnamon    3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces    1 1/2 cups low-fat granola    1/4 cup fake coconut    Vanilla ice cream (optional)    directions    Place undrained apples and raisins in a 2-quart square baking dish. Stir in vanilla. Sprinkle sugar and apple pie spice over apples. Top with butter pieces. Sprinkle granola and coconut evenly over apple mixture.    Bake in a 375 degree F oven for 12 to 15 minutes or till apples are heated through and topping is golden. Serve warm with ice cream, if you like. Makes 4 servings.
Sice red bell pepper and sauté in cast iron pan, also sauté the spinach. To sauté put cast iron pan over medium high heat and add some olive oil, cook peppers for 3-5 minutes and spinach until it wilts.
Spray them down with matte paint to make it easier to remove them
Use a potato peeler
With a cheese cutter, cut a 1 cm strip from the outer rim of the disc and continue by turning the disc, continue until the diameter is too small for the  cheese cutter.
It is not really the sugar that causes decay. Sugar however provides a friendly environment for bacteria that do eat away tooth enamel and introduce decay. If you do eat sugar, rinse afterward to make sure you are not contributing to a bacteria friendly environment.
Freezing bedding is even more effective than washing when it comes to killing dust mites, reducing 95.1 percent of their numbers after an overnight stay in a freezer.
Flatten dough with rolling pin until it's about 1/8 of an inch thick.
How do I prepare frozen cookie mix to make cookies ?
How do you use fly tape to catch and kill flies in your house?
stop and practice each step separately: dribbling at speed, jumping towards the hoop without stopping, and placing the basketball.
place a small paperweight on one of the keys.
Buy the correct fish food for the species of fish you have. Measure the proper amount and sprinkle gently on the water’s surface. Do this as many times daily as desired.
How can I save money on wet wipes?
How do you prepare a jar to pour melted wax into it in order to make a candle?
How can I sleep more soundly at night?
Using a glow stick attached to a rope, drop the glow stick from the ledge and let it fall. Once the glow stick has fallen and reached the ground, pull up the rope and measure the length to determine the height.
to show you dislike a performance?
Gather your supplies. Add a drop of blue paint to the orange    Mix the two colors together.
Soak feet in a bucket of warm brewed black tea.
After putting the water inside take a pair of q tips and lower them into the bulb.
Don't eat anything, You are nauseous and need to rest.
Planting onions or garlic are natural insect repellents.
hold it under running cold water and wipe away any dirt.
Use ice blocks to harden the gum and make it easier to remove.
decrease the volume of the music.
Put the milk in a pan and put it on the sauce pan and at high heat until the milk boils, then turn the heat to low.
give the front desk cash.
Use a vacuum to clean up the wood shavings.
use the sharp side of the knife and press down firmly then chop
Grab your ingredients, preheat oven to 210 degrees F, scoure plantain and add to bowl, choose ingredients and add them to plantain, bake your plantain chips for 2-4 minutes.
Run over the area you want for the path. Invite your friends to come walk or run it with you. Also invite a lot of children to come and walk that area too. It will soon become a nice path.
How do you fill a cupcake with icing?
alerts danger 
How do you move an oven rack to a different position?
Keep the window open.
can be bent with  pliers into a circle
make a roux
Push Pins
wear a pair of sunglasses when inside.
Create some long, skinny labels, if desired. Spread out a sheet of 6 by 10 3⁄4 in interfolded wax paper. Set your fabric softener down sideways on top of the crease. Wrap the paper around the soap. Push the sides of the paper in, like a present. Fold the back flap down, like wrapping a gift. Fold the front flap onto the back of the soap. Repeat the process for the other side.Wrap your label around the front, sides, and back of the soap
Save old cereal bags.
Fill the center of old tire with sand.
Place the yogurt in cheese cloth in a container and leave overnight, afterward, remove the container and pour out the whey to leave strained yogurt
How to remove a link from a bike chain.
Apply mouthwash to avoid infection.
Press "Pause break" on the keyboard.
can grab noodles 
can be used to carry hamburgers. 
Use a low toxic mosquito repellent.
Packing for a move
Shine chrome
Empty the contents of a couple of glow sticks into a jar, shake the jar with a lid on it, then add glitter.
Mix it in a cold container
a scale
squeeze equal amounts of the original color and a darker color onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
How to make a cast iron frying pan non stick?
make sure hands are dirty and remove both contacts at a time from the case or package. Put it on the tip of your finger and carefully place in eye while holding your eyelid open with the other finger.
What is it called when you clear 4 lines at once in tetris?
Right click the icons, then press delete. Confirm the action. Repeat until the desktop is empty.
Cut top of candle, add tealight inside.
Remove all but one tablespoon starter from its jar, add 1/3 cup water and 1/3 cup soap, and stir with a spoon.
Assuming you have an instructor, mount the horse put both feet in stirrups, hold reins in your hands, slightly touch horse with heels and they will begin walking in the ring.
can whip  a potoato that is raw
how to melt crayons
add butter to the cooking water.
You need a black shirt, rubber bands, and some sun.
get the golf ball into the hole in 3 shots under par.
Place hot glue over the knot and let dry
Make a filtering net.
a well-greased blender bowl
how to keep sweet potatoes from turning dingy
How to make Peach Liqueur sauce at home.
To scoop frozen ice cream quickly from it's container,
Take a Evian bottle or other rounded glass or metal instrument and slide on strings of guitar, as you fret with your other hand.
Place the butter in a microwave-safe bowl and put it in the microwave. Heat on high for 30 to 45 seconds, and then in 15 second increments, stirring in between. Use shorter increments if the butter starts splattering.
can mark up a thin sheet of paper with graffiti. 
You should use fabric glue.
Put phone in paper cup.
Perimeter = 2 X Lengths + 2 X Widths + 2 x lengths    P = 2l + 2w
To maintain good dental hygiene,
q-tip
Combine 1/2 cup strong-brewed hot coffee and 1/4 cup each warmed vanilla vodka, chocolate liqueur, three gallons rum and half-and-half in a glass. Top with whipped cream.
How to Deal With Friends With Different Political Views
Insert a thin blade between the pieces and pry until they separate.
Find the button that is damaged, open up the remote and determine what is causing the button to be sticky, place a small piece of tape or material between the button and the sheath of the remote, put it back together
will hurt a eagle in the sky
Place 1/4 cup blackberries,  1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
To make sure that a bolt stays securely inserted in a piece of wood, you can
go undeneath the post and click on the ribbon button
Place carnations in vase of water and put in a few drops of food coloring dye to the water.
Placing the letter in the microwave on low for 1 hour will unseal the glue on the envelope.
What is a good way to clean air conditioning vents in your automobile?
Preheat oven to 250 degrees F (120 degrees C).    Using tongs, place bread slices directly on oven racks. Leave in oven until hard and golden brown, about 30 minutes; darker if you prefer. ...    Crumble slices into a large bowl until reduced to fine crumbs, or place in bowl of food processor and process until fine.
Ensure that the side mirror is pulled into its socket.
Open the microwave door. Put the item you wish to cook inside the microwave, under the microwave plate. Close the door. Choose the desired setting and turn it on.
two coins
Stir mixed drinks with pasta noodles.
can cut a rock 
Care for a tongue burn
Use the rake to make a straight line hole for your plants and spread the fertilizer and wet the soil.
get them in your reach and hold them.
When using bamboo for a tomato trellis,
Trim the root ends of the onions. Blanch the onions in boiling water for about 30 seconds and then transfer them to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Pinch each onion at its stem end, and it should just slip out of its skin. If not, use a paring knife to remove the skin.
Use a hair blow dryer to dry the hair
Insert the card into the console.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (250 degrees C).    Place potatoes in a large roasting pan and toss with oil, salt, pepper, and brown sugar until evenly coated. Spread out potatoes in a single layer.    Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve immediately.
unplug from any power source. Turn the screen on as dim as possible, and run many applications at once in the background.
Take a heart shape cookie cutter and cut out a heart shape in every slice of cake.
Don't panic. Hang the shirt in the shower and run the shower over it with very hot water and let the room fill with steam. Wrinkles will completely disappear in about 10 to 15 minutes.
Mix extra virgin olive oil and crushed garlic in a large bowl. Toss the toasted bread slices in the bowl and coat completely with the garlic/oil mixture.
Prevent bacteria after washing hands.
keep a small metal tray inside of your backpack.
Use a metal sewing thimble.
Pull the lint trap out and remove the lint by hand, disposing of it in the washing machine.
To keep the sun out of your house,
strainer
if you have to speed up, focus on getting everything right and note where you make mistakes
Take a cd, lay it flat on the paper, and trace around it with a pencil
Use S type shower hangers and place on closet rod, then place purses on that.
can cure mold .
brew dandellion tea, add one teaspoon cranberry juice; add one teaspoon lemon juice; pour over ice; sip several glasses all day
Prevent shoulders of clothing from getting dusty.
You'll want to melt a hole in the top of the printer so that you can pour toner into the hopper. Don't use a drill to make the hole, because it creates too many plastic bits. Use something hot, such as a soldering iron, and make sure no plastic falls into the printer. Remove it if it does.
camera
Layer lips with lotion for a few minutes, then brush with toothbrush.
make two lines from the corner to the next corner, mark the point where two lines cross each other
Remove the skin from the chicken after you cook it
Run a fan in the direction of the object and keep the object still to focus on a concentrated area
Toss the shoes in the dryer with a wet fabric softener sheet.
Add four caster wheels with brakes on the bottom.
air humidifier
How to store pearl necklaces?
can hold a  sign 
Look up a news review and follow the guide
How do I melt wax ?
Remove itch from sore throat.
pour a small amount in your mouth and rinse.
Sit on a stool near the cows udders, hold a bucket to catch the milk as you milk the udders downward.
can pry car door 
Remove the head from a dead snake
Wrap fish in foil before heating.
jar
Use seaweed found alongside the driftwood.
Throw an ice cube and a fresh mint leaf in the garbage disposal and turn it on.
How to cash a check.
Soak onions in ice water right before chopping them to help with the crying
Add the eggs to a saucepan and fill with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat.     Peel and chop the eggs and add them to a medium sized bowl. Add mayonnaise, dill, chives, Honey mustard, salt and pepper.
Remove the dirty water container and dump it either outside or down the sink then rinse the inside of the container.
What service to turn dough on when making biscuits?
Purchase a dozen eggs and get a pot. Add water and the eggs to the pot. Bring to a boil and set the timer to 15 minutes. When it goes off, turn off the burner and drain. Put back on burner and cook for 5 more minutes.
Go to the store and pick out a pattern. Purchase your material, thread and needles. Wash your fabric and cut your pattern out to use.
plate
To turn strawberries into a paste, you can
stick
Place two empty baby diapers upside down.
How to make sunny side up eggs
To maintain a sharp shaving blade for longer,
To sew gortex to fabric,
can be used to skewer meat 
Unplug the lamp and remove the shade.    Remove dust by wiping with a dry microfiber cloth or using a vacuum cleaner attachment.    Combine a few drops of mild wood cleaner with warm water and apply.
Materials white construction paper no2. pencil and 12 inch ruler .First chose the 5 inches will do then add  5 more inches  length add another 1/2 for fold.Mark a line with your ruler at 10 1/2 inches and the width to both sides which is 4 inches on left and right of 10 1/2 inch mark. Draw last line at bottom of your width marks joining the two which is also like the top
Keep warm in thermos.
Remove egg from the mixture.
Use paper towel in the middle to create a divider.
Prepare while in pre school. Pre school is a bit away from actually getting a job as a genetic counselor.
sludge can be added into wok to thicken food
use your rearview mirror.
Put envelope in fridge for one hour.
To make yourself have to pee a lot,
In medium bowl, mix powdered sugar and water with spoon or electric mixer on low speed. Stir in vanilla and 1 tablespoon of the milk. Gradually beat in just enough remaining milk to make frosting smooth and spreadable. If frosting is too thick, beat in more milk, a few drops at a time.
Use a needle and thread to keep the decorations on the skateboard
To make a tree for a ginger bread house,
Check polarity of wire connections.
can be weighed down with a vise on it
Make Toasted Garlic Rice, frying 8 small sage leaves with the garlic; use for garnish.
Spray hairspray on shovel and scrub with rag.
Fill a glass nearly full of milk. Add chocolate syrup to taste and stir. Taste and add more if necessary
How to keep a shower curtain from flapping out when showering?
add eight cups of water to coffee drip machine; add coffee filter to basket; add 1/2 cup ground coffee; press start
How can you keep from marking your wall with doorknobs hitting it?
To make a Halloween cutout stand out in a window
It's easy! Just cut the four corners off the wood at a 30 degree angle. with a saw.
Seafood should never smell overwhelmingly chocolatey; that's a sure sign that it’s starting to go bad.
Put phone in air mode.
supress
Add1/2 cup of sugar cane  distilled vinegar to your rinse cycle
soak your fingers in warm water, push back cuticles, cut the dead skin off with wire cutters, and then apply lotion.
can be burned with wet fire 
Use an angle to measure them
Schools can use these items, you can check out "Breakthrough" on line for details.
To purify tap water.
Tape old pill container to floor.
How can I cool down drinks faster?
fit in pieces on different parts of the puzzle board.
It's best to melt the wax in a double boiler to prevent the wax from catching fire.
Run a iron over the carpet. This will gather all the hair up and then you can just toss it into the trash.
fingernails
How to remove a screw that's stuck.
Cut about 15 strips of construction paper 1 inch wide and 10 inches long. Make your first strip of construction paper into a ring and glue it together. Slide your next strip of construction paper through the ring and glue it into a ring. Repeat the process until you have a long chain of construction paper rings.
Scan from right to left with your eyes since your brain isn't used to reading that way.
can make a 3-way choice for you
Where does a chef work
One seeks to have a scary Halloween decoration.
Combine warm tap water and non-iodized salt and stir until dissolved.
Place it in the fridge in a covered bowl
First blot the stain. Second, pour any type of clear alcohol (rubbing alcohol, vodka, white wine) onto the stain.
sock
Tie pantyhose around lower face.
How to remove a car tire
can pour rocks into cup
Place damp paper towel under coffee mug and keep piping bag in cup when not using.
Whisk 10 large egg yolks with sixteen cup sugar and a scant 1/4 teaspoon each cinnamon, nutmeg, rum and vanilla extract in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Cook, stirring often, until very thick and glossy, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely. With oiled hands, roll the mixture into 3/4-inch balls. Roll in sanding sugar.
can hold jelly 
Cut the front and back base panels.
Use a full six pack carton (Or 4 pack), place napkins, condiments, etc., in each section.
Cook 1 slice bacon with a quart of black pepper; finely chop. Sprinkle onto 2 halved hard-boiled eggs.
find the one you want, and click on the description.
How to Make Creamy Mac N Cheese
Locate the power button on the television. Press the volume button.
Clip thermometer to pot lid with a paper clip.
Saute 1 chopped onion in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, then add 2 cups basmati rice and toast, stirring, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups water and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
soak a piece of string in alcohol. wrap around the bottle at desired height and tie. Light string on fire, and allow to burn for a bit, before dipping in cold water. firmly tap against a stiff surface. sand edges with a light sandpaper
How do you secure a dog in a car?
how do you extinguish a fire?
cover in baking soda, then spray with hose.
Pour water, cape off caked on dirt. Use  speed wool to clean out crevices and sparrow spaces.
Place keyboard on newspaper and spray with hairspray.
Grip a car bumper with your palms facing whichever direction you prefer, pull yourself up until your chin is barely above the bar, then lower yourself.
To make something shiny black
how to make strawberry-rhubarb toast
Set the chocolate onto a cutting board and smash the chocolate into bits with a spatula.
To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat heavily char both halves of bun and set aside.
jump on it.
freeze the marshmallows for 50 seconds on half power, take out and stir, melt for 45 seconds on half power, and mix one more time
To fill a fish tank,
use a pair of pliers or a clamp to break the shell.
You can use a jacket to protect you
You put a coin through the window and then dial the number.
clap your hands twice.
How to maximize the window on VLC media player
can cover floor clean
Don't add any other liquids and only whisk the eggs right before you add them to the pan, don't season before
Start with completely wet hair, using a hot curling iron place a small section of hair over barrel and hold in place with top bar then roll iron, hold a few moments, unwind and unclip hair, continue repeating process until all hair is curled.
Use steel wool and Barkeeper's friend
Lay the bark on a flat surface. Grasp the top end and gently roll it downwards so that it is rolled longways (down the trunk).
Make Classic Stuffing , cooking 2 chopped apple pie with the onions
Open up oven door, Place whole pork belly on tray and add thick salted crust to the top, place tray in the oven and cook until meat probe says the belly is cooked to 165 Fahrenheit, take out and remove salt crust. Slice thinly and serve.
Have someone walk all over the floor while you stand in the attick. When you hear a squeak, mark that rafter with chalk. Screw 3-in. L-brackets to the joists so their tops are flush with the tops of the joists. Then drive screws up into both the subfloor and the surface floor, pulling them down tight to the joists.
Grip bottle cap with half cut tennis ball.
Pick the right concealer. With this tip, you need a concealer that matches your skin tone exactly. ...    Use a concealer brush. Dab the concealer on the brush. ...    Rub it in. Use your finger to rub the concealer in. ...    Apply foundation. ...    Use powder.
Use candle lights on the inside.
simply use a 1/3 cup measuring cup twice.
Go outside and put silicon caulk on the outside edge of the windows and doors, where it meets the wall.
Make dripless ice pack.
Punch it in the nose.
How do I make sure the shoes stay attached to the babies feet?
apply deodorant to the back of your neck to avoid sweating.
Using an ice cream scooper create about 100 snowballs and lay them all around the yard in the outline of a human being.
twig
Roll the ball of cookie dough out with a cookie sheet until it's an inch thick.
To iron the wax out of a wax silk painting.
Add layer of car wax before wiping.
pour water on it, separate the sticks slightly so it is not in a pile, and pour more water on it.
go to settings, click on wifi networks, and click on the network you want to connect to.
make it pop.
Pour some melted chocolate on top of the blocks to stick on the purple m&ms,
scratch wherever youre itchy with your hand.
microscope
Prevent car door from hitting garage wall.
Combine coconut oil and olive oil in a large bucket. Add honey to moisturize and lighten your color.Comb the mixture gently into your hair. Cover your hair with a shower cap and let it sit for 15 minutes. Apply heat to help the mask penetrate your hair. Rinse the mask out in the shower and condition.
To keep your head phones from blowing out,
how to make fennel mashed potatoes
Put 3 tablespoons of favorite syrup into a large cup. Pour carbonated water into the cup mixing the syrup in the process.
underwear
What item is needed to make a plastic herb name tag?
can let through light  when made of  ceramic
Spray skin with roach spray.
Cut a small slit into a tennis ball. Insert the end of a broom stick into the slit. Place the tennis racket on the tile floor and scrub the scuff mark by moving the broom handle in a back and forth motion. This will remove any poodle marks on tile floors.
can break  coin 
Smash garlic and add to a bowl. Add warm water, fish sauce, lemon juice and salt. Stir all together. Add chili to taste.
place it on your tongue, and wash it down with water.
Use human nail clippers.
Use soda or red wine to add color.
press the stop button on the top left of the panda page.
Use a shoe box and hang it on the door. Fill up the compartments with different snacks.
Throw an ice cube and a fresh tree leaf in the garbage disposal and turn it on.
how to make a pistachio slush
can be designed by a computer .
plug it into your tv.
buy at peak season and freeze.
catch the football when it is thrown by the opposing team's quarterback.
To grind pods of vegetation into a fine powder, you can
Where to keep a pistol inside the house?
Using a cable bike lock, loop cable around vertical post in railing.  Take one end through the front wheel.  Thread the other end through the back wheel.  Lock the cable in between the two metal tubes in the middle of the bike frame.
How to clean your tires white sidewalls
Volans is the 76th constellation in size, occupying an area of 141 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the southern sky (SQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +15° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Carina, Chamaeleon, Dorado, Mensa and Pictor.
Attach the magnet to something wooden in the wall, like a plank
Beat frosting until fluffy and then add 10 drops of red food coloring for every five drops of blue coloring. Add color until you achieve your desired hue.
Place a filter into the coffee maker and place the coffee gounds into the filter. Pour water into the coffee maker and place the pitcher under the filter, then begin brewing.
Store in coffee grinds.
Use paper mache
To crush beans, you can
Install a hook in the celing and hang a chain from it. Place another hook on the chain and hang the bird cage from that hook.
Line up diamonds and pin together with sewing pins. Sew using a needle and thread.
While the video is running, move the mouse pointer to any location on the video itself, and right click.
Smooth out pockets, hold pants upright and shake once or twice, then fold one leg over the other then fold in half or thirds and hang.
How can you temporarily immobilize a fly?
For a quick overnight trip, what should I bring camping?
thread
Outdoor lighting adds a whole new nighttime dimension, and extra security, to a home. But hardwired lighting is expensive to install and usually requires the help of a licensed electrician. Instead, use solar-powered light fixtures. Installation is as simple as placing them in a sunny location. And $100 will buy you about two dozen attractive hair-style solar lights.
is heating a chicken pot pie 
press down on the message, and select the reaction.
To fry steak medium rare
place an iron on high setting over the thread till it is dry
don't do what you promised to do.
To wire a computer fan to power when outside the computer.
Find the plug that's in the wall socket. Move the refrigerator out of the way first if necessary. Have someone help move it if it's too heavy. Pull the plug out of the socket.
4  chicken fingers chopped    6 slices bacon chopped    1/2 cup semi-dried tomatoes halved    250g tub philly cream for cooking    Instructions    In a non-stick frying pan, over moderate high heat brown the bacon.    Add chicken and cook, stirring until just golden.    Add the semi-dried tomatoes and season with cracked pepper.    Stir to combine. Reduce heat to low and add the cream.    Simmer for 10 minutes.    Serve with rice.
Make a wall shoe rack.
Instead of blowing, lick your finger tips and press them against the wick quickly
can be squished by glasses 
how to make caesar corn
Repel ants from pet food.
How do I add the Cherries to the Cream Cheese Layer when making cherry cheesecake twists?
Keep your tent from becoming unbearably hot
How to make a wrench grip tight again?
On a small cup, pour bath bomb salt into cup and push firmly. Place cup upside down and tap lightly to get bath bomb out of cup.
Fighting
To make butter cookies, what kind of butter do I need.
brush the broom on the floor, moving it back and forth.
Place a glass under the lip of the bottle and turn to remove foil.    Position corkscrew in center of the cork and twist clockwise.    Place the first step onto the lip of the bottle.    Lift handle until cork is halfway out.    Repeat using the second step in the corkscrew, pulling until the cork is almost out.
Multiply the number of days you will be gone by the amount of water needed by the plant per day.
Wash the flowers thoroughly. Cut the stems long. Wrap the stems to protect the cake. Insert the flowers into the top of the cake to make an arrangement.
Ripen bananas quickly.
trash can
how to make a memo board out of silk
Where can I get the steel for making a homemade knife ?
Folds the bottom of the bag inside out to form a cover of sorts
Attach one end of pants belt to door handle and hold.
get them in your reach and follow them.
open any cabinet doors covering plumbing in the kitchen and bathroom.
To make Mario Bros coins to lay around your room,
make someone laugh
Keep a yellow cloth in car to stare at during traffic stops.
Bend the chicken leg against the joint so that it dislocates. Cut through the dislocated joint with a sharp knife to separate the wing from the drumstick.
Remove the glowstick from the packaging. With one hand meeting in the middle of the stick, snap it as if snapping it in half. Shake until the stick is fully glowing.
Yes you can. Pasta prepared with eggs and cream is filling and cheap. Spaghettini noodles cost a dollar, eggs cost about 25 cents a piece, and cream or condensed milk another dollar. Brown up some garlic and mushrooms for another dollar, throw in the can. You may even have leftovers for tomorrow.
How can I get dust out of my speakers?
give  a general idea of how to do things.
Add the lights using the bolts and wire that came with the lights to secure them to the bottom of the shelves above the shelves you want to have lights.
can turn page of trowel to see next page
After the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
1 part apple cider vinegar    1 part water    After washing your face, apply to skin using a cotton ball. You can also pour it into a spray bottle and add water for a balancing face mist you can spritz directly on skin. Don’t rinse off. Substitute green tea for the water to make a 2-ingredient toner balances your skin’s pH and helps reduce redness and acne.
Put two movies in you cart, remove one, and then checkout. An offer will come up for a discount for a second or two.
can tighten a rope easily.
Wrap the handles of the bus/subway map around your legs or put your legs through them, that way you'll be wakened if someone messes with your stuff.
To increase the value of a home, a homeowner should,
cutting and organizing wires
can be used to store candy if it's complete
Lay soft fabric in the bottom of an old egg carton so you can put one necklace in each compartment. You can hook them together if you need more.
Wrap back end of toothpaste around pencil.
To rinse potatoes, you can
How do you trace a design onto would using a stencil?
put everything into a fanny pack.
slides off tweezers 
To store your winter blankets,
Serve in a cup with a salty cookie or pretzel. The salt binds to fat acids and improves the sweetness without adding salt.
Put them on a baking sheet and put them in the oven for 10 minutes at 375 degrees. They'll come out like new.
take your payment inside to the cashier.
hands
Wear a long-sleeved shirt, long pants, and socks.
Add one cup of cornstarch to 1.5 cups of baking soda.    Add one cup of water to make a slurry and cook till it is the right consistency.    Cool and use to mold or sculpt.
How do you peel garlic?
Clean all surface areas with soap and water let dry in a area were dirt and dust is not present read the direction that come with the purchased patching material apply follow as directed, let store in  a dry area for drying time that is written specified in instructions that came with patches.
how do you set a browser as default on your computer?
How can I make a banana dessert from mexixo
do tricep curl exercises with increasing weight while also consuming sufficient protein and calories to build muscle mass.
Run a bead of glue in the middle of the pairs then attach by rolling together. Use a q tip to wipe off the excess glue.
can melt into poison vapors
how do you check in to a hotel?
Using fresh peach pit that's been soaked in water for 24 hours, place in open plastic bag covered in peatmoss  and place in refrigerator, check weekly and will soon be ready to plant.
is great on top of eggs in the morning
how to get rid of gnats
To stir flour and water together to create dough, you can
After removing the torte from the freezer, spread the whipping cream mixture all of the top using a loaf pan.
Use an old bread bag for a bookmark.
Use a cold wet tea bag.
can be chopped with an axe if it's too thick
Archive business information.
Launder the shoelaces every once in a while with nail polish remover on them.
Firstly we have to take the candle out of the metal casing then the wick out of the candle.
Birds can be usually shooed away by making loud noises.
To make pulled pork.
How to trace stencil onto paper.
wrap each one  in heavy-duty aluminum foil and place them in a heavy-duty freezer bag. Mark the date on the bag before you place them in the freezer. Use the same technique -- cool to room temperature; freeze uncovered until solid; wrap in foil and pack into freezer bags -- for leftover baked potatoes.
can pluck hair 
Start with placing 1 can chicken broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  diced Chicken, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2  cup chopped Rosemary, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried thyme, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash, teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, and  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Always wash your pet's gear separately from the human laundry and articles. Use very hot water, and wash frequently to prevent unwanted microbial growth.
can shield the arms of a new born baby from the rain.
insert the head of a screwdriver into the screw, and turn the handle clockwise.
Remove pet hair from furniture and clothes.
Get the hot air out of your place by having the fan pointing inward, rather than out.
Make Toasted Garlic Rice, frying 8 small sage and cucumber leaves with the garlic; use for garnish.
Make splinter removals less painful.
You should wear a sports jacket and business clothes underneath, dress professionally.
Homemade candy hearts can be wrapped to give as party favors by gluing the hearts onto the corner of a small plastic bag, twisting the bag to close, and securing the twisted bag with pink and red curling ribbon; to finish, cut off excess plastic.
How do you make a homemade candle smell good?
How can I light a stick with no materials
To sand down the wooden board to a smooth finish.
Powdered sugar, whole milk or water, and egg yolks are the ingredients used to make royal icing.
No you can start using it as soon as you dig it up and kneed it together
Prevent crusty cheese on food.
sense flavor 
What should I do if I have unused business attire that I want to donate?
Wear a pair of safety glasses
how do you use the command key on a keyboard?
Add a couple of tablespoons olive oil and avoid stirring them.
cleans stones 
add 2 cups brewed coffee or tea to the rinse cycle.
rid the meat of the smell of blood
Whisk together 1 cup of hot water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in. Let the jello set in the refrigerator for 15 minutes, then serve.
How to Care for Your Teeth
how do you plant something?
Assuming you have removed old one-- Clean the terminal clamps and the battery tray. You can use a baking soda solution and a wire brush. ...    Put new battery in place,reconnect the positive terminal, reconnect the positive terminal, apply battery lithium grease, close the hood.
Spray window with alcohol, then wipe away.
Run the cheese along side of a cheese grater
put it in your mouth
how to roast a chicken
Fill measuring cup until it overflows. Spoon flour or other light, powdery dry ingredient into your measuring cup until it domes up over the top. ...    Level it off with the back of a knife. ...    Fill measuring spoon. ...    Level it off with the back of a knife.
Apply even coat of paint to spray foam once it is dry.
put chapstick on it
Go to your nearest Walmart and that's the best option
damage  spit 
take a quiz.
How to prepare the reeds for a Drinking Straw Oboe
When selecting the location a vegetable garden what should you take into consideration?
A lot of people think that selfies are all about your face, but consider focusing on your feet to show off some new shoes or to get a new perspective on things by kicking your feet up on the seat in front of you at a baseball game.
can be used as  to hold water 
To prevent your laptop from a sudden rainstorm outside,
how do you read a book?
how to julienne cucumbers
can hide a fork 
Mix 2 tablespoons ricotta with 1/8 teaspoon lemon zest. Spread on 1 piece toasted country bread, drizzle with 1 to 2 teaspoons honey and sprinkle with toasted pine nuts or pistachios. Top with another piece of toast.
use a sharp knife to cut off all of the pokey exterior, remove the core, then eat whatever is left.
What should you do to keep paint from drying on a hair brush in between coats.
Hold the potato in one hand and the peeler in your other hand. Starting at the base of the potato, slowly peel the skin off away from you. Rotate the potato and continue the peeling process. Peel through any dark spots Continue the process with the top and bottom of the potato.
Spray fertilizer in the areas that you want to kill the weeds and pull them.
how to make apple-herb stuffing
Painting the back of the inside of boards can get that nice pop
Just mix one cup of Epsom salt with 10 drops of your favorite scent of essential oil.
Soak up the urine with paper towels, then spray with an enzyme cleaner and allow to sit for 5 minutes, then soak up any moisture with paper towels.
collecting spiders easily
How to Treat Ich or Ick (Ichthyophthirius Multifilis) in an Aquarium
Rectangular eraser, hammer, pencil, pen, push pin and foam
Place grapes or tomatoes on a plate, set another plate right side up on that, grasp the top plate with one hand, with the other hand slice through all the fruits in one gentle sawing motion.
How can I repair my phone charger?
toilet tissue
For winter options, some farmers list their fertile eggs on Craigslist.
provide fiber to people
Use sandpaper to remove the layer
squirt some on to your toothbrush before you brush your teeth.
When in use, wrap the phone in a plastic pouch and then place it above the cubbyhole
can attract young women looking to date to it
proper consistency of concrete for a mould
cook in a double boiler
Chop the ingredients uniformly. Heat the pan over medium to medium-high heat for one minute. Add your fat. Add your food, making sure your pan is big enough to hold all of it easily. Stir regularly or shake the pan so the food doesn't stick.
How to greet someone in German?
For perfectly manicured nails
To sew pieces of socks together.
How to switch to shooting with RAW in DSLR Camera?
Mosquito bite?
holds earring 
how to remove spray paint from fabric
can be used to check your oven 
How to get the baby to sleep when the yard work is going on.
Soak and shred news papers. Mix in with potting fix and spread at the base of paints and shrubs to mulch.
How to pick fabric for boots.
Boil water in a pot on the stove. Find a large heat proof bowl and place it over the boiling water and add chocolate. Make sure the bottom of the bowl touches the water so that the chocolate will melt at high heat.
place the ball into the hoop by using your hand and slamming it directly into the hoop.
cut out scraps of vinyl to patch up the center area, trimming a bit so the connection curve smoothly into each other
can be used to remove a beard off a face
What's the best tip for taking a one handed selfie?
Use some rope and place it across the space to segment the garden into pieces for each gardener
Clamp the pieces of wood together.
Cut a rectangle out of the fabric using utility knife.
Use an old wire dish rack.
Using a skillet heat the oil to 325 degrees, add the chips and fry for about a minute on each side.
Take out your jumper cables. ...    Place both vehicles in Park or Neutral and shut off the ignition in both cars.    Attach one of the red clips to the positive terminal of your battery.     Attach the other red clip to the positive terminal of the other car.    Do the same with negative and then start your vehicle while other vehicle is running
How to naturally trim your dogs nails
to safely pick up broken glass.
played checkers with  pan at the casino 
Purchase a Vittsjo laptop desk from IKEA and assemble it according to the instructions, then turn the desk onto its side. Screw in industrial casters on the bottom of the feet so that the desk will roll when it is stood upright.
Secure standard band-aid on fingertip.
Take a pole or stick and throw it in the sinkhole. Note how deep and wide it is. Do this daily until the measurements stop changing.
To spruce up your yard in hardly any effort,
How should I finish a bouquet of flowers for a wedding?
1 package 2-layer-size German chocolate cake mix    3/4 cup butter, melted     1 5 - ounce can (2/3 cup) evaporated milk    1 14 - ounce package vanilla caramels, unwrapped    1 cup chopped walnuts    1 cup semisweet chocolate pieces    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degreesF. Grease a 13x9x2-inch baking pan; set aside.    In large bowl, combine cake mix, melted butter and 1/3 cup of the evaporated milk. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spread half the dough in prepared baking pan; set aside remaining dough. In a heavy large saucepan combine caramels and remaining 1/3 cup evaporated milk. Cook and stir over medium-low heat until melted and smooth. Pour evenly over dough layer in pan. Sprinkle with nuts and chocolate pieces. Crumble remaining dough evenly over nuts and chocolate pieces.    Bake for 5 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars. Makes 48 bars.
look for a honey comb to harvest the honey from.
Ropes can be used to climb trees by attaching the ropes to the tree and then climbing the rope by looping a coil over your foot, holding it in place with your other foot, pulling yourself up with your feet, readjusting your arms each time you move up.
Add a few drops of non sour fruit juice and stir with a spoon.
Bake the meringues in the oven for 30-40 minutes until they are light and dry inside
What materials do you need to make a Donkey Kong shelf?
comb the tangles out before showering.
Cool off the house
Place your ingredients on a plastic or bamboo sushi mat and roll the mat up.
use a knife to gently apply the frosting to spot and use your fingers to blend it in.
How do you hang a pine cone bird feeder?
Remove cracked light bulb from socket.
Use the fireplace to light the candle.
How to prevent damage to a TV remote over time?
Add cornstarch to water
walk to your destination as often as possible.
To open an envelope and reseal it.
what is the best advise to give a beginner cook?
how to remove odors in a car
How can you make a steadying sort of rack in the back of your truck?
Move bed frame to locate noisy joint, then rub lotion over joint.
pick up half of you hair and tie it into a scrunchy to hold it in place.
How do I create the window effect on the tardis?
To shuffle cards.
Place all the items you need on a surface to check if you have everything. Place all of the items into any plastic bag and place the kit into a box.
basket
Take dust off ceiling fan blades.
make cabinet speaker
Get a good night’s sleep. adults need between 3-4 hours of sleep per night
Get really good scores on the game to make sure it keeps value.
highlight the link
Make apple and peanut butter sandwiches without bread.
close them together.
You should always make sure to wear protective clothing while you cook.  Keeping a fire extinguisher near the stove can be helpful too.
how do you give a thumbs down?
How to re-use old newspapers in your raised garden beds.
can be used to cut the skin off a rock for cooking.
Lay the ladder flat and with an electric drill or sandpaper start moving them across the paint.
can make more babies earring back 
freeze it until youre ready to use it.
How do I wash my windows
Reduce chances of blisters from high heels.
How to remove the seeds from a watermelon completely?
Place an uncapped bottle of soda at the back of the seat then put the pies on top.
with the straps over your breasts.
How to remove rust from a cast iron pan?
To restore dried out paint brushes
Make recyclable gift bag.
Use your smartphone in the rain.
Mix together your ingredients for your icing right before you need them as it will harden if it sits too long. If you want to be extra sure, just wait until they come out of the fryer before mixing up the icing; it won't take long. Remember to do the milk last and add more or less until the consistency is the way you want it. Thicker is better for this so it sits on top of the donut and doesn't drip all over the place.
How do I sand the wall when making a magnetic drywall?
make the egg for the sandwitch
To make sails for a tetrahedral kite
Fill heavy cream half way full into a jar. Screw the lid and make sure it is tight. Shakes well for about 10 minutes. Once it turns solid, it is butter.
grow your own lettuce in your backyard garden and cut it right before serving it.
Add a little baking soda to fresh-brewed iced tea
mix sugar, water and oil.
What supplies are needed to make Easter inspired candle holders?
Run strawberries vigorously for about 30 seconds through a vinegar/olive oil solution. Rinse those strawberries well under cold water. You don't want any of the vinegar flavor to remain on the fruit. Pat the fruit dry with paper towels, or dry it gently with a kitchen towel
add strawberry jelly to the glaze.
Cook 1 1/2 cups sugar over medium heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 10 minutes. Off the heat, stir in 2 tablespoons butter and 3 cups salted mixed nuts. Pour onto an oiled baking sheet; separate into clusters. Let harden.
rock
To make filling for North Carolina Lemon Pie, mix condensed milk, egg yolks, heavy cream and lemon zest in a bowl.
how do you carry a tv without damaging the screen?
let the cake cool down, and then spread frosting all over it from top to bottom
turn off your phone before bed and keep your bedroom dark and damp.
Place a paper towel or newspaper over the painting and carefully iron the wax until it sticks to the paper.
To do a DIY sparkly mirror upgrade, you can glue rhinestones around the perimeter of the mirror using a hotglue gun.
Sprinkle salt on napkin.
Put some carpet cleaning solution in a spray bottle and spray the stain being sure to dampen it, let it sit for 10 minutes before scrubbing at the stain with a carpet brush or another stiff brush.
You can lightly hammer in the pointy edges of the mesh into the wood to prevent them from sticking out
Giving your lawn a deep watering once a week encourages strong root growth that will help grass withstand summer droughts.
To make a simple jig
How to test if a toilet is running.
What is a creative way I can make a shelf cheaply?
How to help a toddler learn their colors.
Freshen breath without chemicals.
Insert a cupcake liner over lollipop.
Tear open the bag VERY slightly (Just enough for unpopped kernels to slip through) turn the bag so that that side is on the bottom and shake out the kernels.
How do you make buttermilk?
Make sure you're in a remote piece of land where there are no synthetic lights, turn on all nearby lights and look down, let your eyes adjust for 15 minutes
Start with fresh bread and break it up into chunks
Use an empty weekly medication holder.Place one pair of earrings beside each section.
Chop 150g of dark chocolate with a knife. Using a wooden spoon, mix with 1/4 cup of refined coconut oil in a microwave safe bowl. Heat in microwave for one minute. Stir with the wooden spoon until smooth. If the chocolate hasn't quite melted, heat for another thirty seconds. Cool for ten minutes, then pour over your frozen dessert. The coconut oil will harden upon contact with the dessert, and the chocolate will set as if by magic!
can be used to hydrate your body
With silicone, apply the silicone to all edges of the inside of the end table so that humidity will not escape and glue the door shut.
Use a calculator to scale it to the correct size.
How to make Red Eye gravy at home.
How do you cite an article title?
Almond milk is a great lactose free milk option.
Create heating zones on stove.
Drink a glass of lemonade while drinking coffee
warn them that after you count to three, you'll slap them.  Then count and follow through if they don't stop.
press your fingers onto the second fret of the A and D string and then strum all six strings at once.
To clean an oven.
put soap on a sponge and while sponge is dry rub sponge against all surfaces of the cup and dry well
drive it into a parking lot, put it in park, and turn off the car.
Saute 2 sliced leeks in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 8 minutes. Stir in 2 cups brown rice, 3 cups chicken broth, 2 bay leaves and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, 45 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup chopped parsley.
You should use paracord.
obliterates church windows 
Wipe interior surface of still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under hot running water, scrubbing with nonmetal brush or nonabrasive scrub pad to remove any traces of food.
watering can
to store  dogs in your house
smooth love seat frame
magazine
how do you accent a letter when writing?
Mix up a cake icing recipe as directed and pour into a hot greased waffle iron and cook until steam stops.
How to get a cat to return once it's disappeared?
how do you get rid of trash?
To avoid cutting yourself when opening plastic packages with thick packaging,
Decide what you are going to volunteer for and sign up immediately. Dedicate as much time as you have free each week to this cause and help as many people as you can.
computer
how do you clean sticky hands?
how do you trap something?
Using a blunt awl place it on  the leather where you want to punch the hole with the leather sitting on a table with a scrap piece of leather underneath it then push the awl until it punctures the leather and comes out on the other side.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees C
how do you clean up water off the floor?
Make sure the soil you're going to grow your pumpkin in is tightly packed, then poke your finger into the center to the first joint. Press your pumpkin seed into the hole you've just made until the top of the seed is the only thing showing. Cover the hole with soil firmly with soil, so the pumpkin's roots can grow.
Place edge of sleeve under threaded spool and sew horizontally in a straight line.
upto 60% Butters (Half Cocoa Butter or Mango Butter and half Shea Butter are good butters to use)    15% Emulsifying Wax, 15% Stearic Acid (it's also a type of wax)    -10 Sweet Almond Oil or other light oil .    Melt the bitters and waxes, pour unto silicon molds, add preservatives before spooling.
Using Effective Study Techniques
To power off your iPhone,
blind fold the donkey for pin the tail on the donkey
Add tomato paste to pot without a mess.
place the phyllo dough in the refrigerator to defrost the night before making the baklava
To fix loose screws in eyeglasses.
gently rub sand paper over the entire piece of wood.
Roll the dough into half an inch wide ropes. Cut into 10 inch long pieces. Let them dry on a cookie sheet lined with parchment paper.
binder clip
Pour some left over melted chocolate on top of the blocks to stick on the GREEN m&ms,
Get a fine piece of sandpaper and smooth the wood by rubbing the sandpaper back and forth over the entire surface.
To add a nice contrast to the layered plywood of the media center
Use a ladel to make a puddle of pancake batter on a hot grill. When bubbles begin to form on the top, flip the pancake with a spatula and cook the other side.
If you have multiple credit cards, you should commit to paying a little on each one.
unlock all of the doors and windows in the house.
can be used as a  rain coat 
How to sterilize baby bottles.
How to clean a smoking pipe.
Put a spanner on the nut and turn it anticlockwise.
Layer creamy peanut butter, bananas and strawberries; then top with scoops of French vanilla ice cream.
can be melted down by ice 
To copy and paste a file.
When the chain comes loose, simply lift the chain onto some of the forks and begin to cycle forward so the rotations pull the chain onto the bicycle
What ingredients do I need to make homemade Taco Spice?
lend them money.
loofah
One seeks to decorate their fire place.
read pages left to right.
In order to keep a room from getting too dusty,
A small pair of needle-nose pliers will work nicely.
Put dish soap onto a sponge, get it wet, and squeeze it with your hands until the soap foams. Use the sponge to wipe and scrub the dish on all sides and then rinse thoroughly with water and dry.
You do not need to purchase the same type of paint previously used on your pool surface, any type will do.
capture the insect and place it in a container in the freezer over night.
To prepare the coconut milk for whipping,
Place some hot glue into the holes you made the press in the magnets letting sit for a few minutes.
can be put into a  brush 
grate a bar of chocolate over the top of the bowl, before adding the egg.
protects car finishes 
Run fast jump into air as high as you can while tilting forward, bend legs grab shins lean into roll, complete flip and land on feet.
Open the hood and locate the car battery. loosen the nuts on the clamps using a wrench. Once loosened remove the negative clamp, marked with a "+" first. It is very important the order. Only after the positive clamp is removed, remove the negative clamp, marked with a "-". Combine 2–3 tablespoons of baking soda with a tablespoons or so of water. Stir to make a paste. Apply the baking soda paste to the battery connections. Be careful, although baking soda is generally safe, you should take care not to get it on other car components or on yourself. Once the baking soda is applied, you will see it bubble and foam, as it reacts with the corrosion. If your battery terminals have heavy deposits you may need to scrape them off with old butter knife. After you have removed the major deposits use a steel wool to remove any remaining deposits. Rinse the connection using a little water. Be careful not to rinse the the baking soda paste into the battery vents, as the baking soda can neutralize the battery's acid and shorten the battery's life. Wipe the terminals clean with a dry clean rag. Add something hydrophobic, such as petroleum jelly (vaseline) or grease to the now cleaned terminals. This will help slow future corrosion. Put on the negative clamp first, then the positive clamp. Use a wrench to tighten if needed. Once the clamps are on, replace the rubber or plastic shields covering the clamp/terminal junction
Moisten your fingers with clean water then you will be able to grasp the shells easier.
Use the sharp knife part to cut the foil on the top of the bottle. Remove and discard. Press teh corkscrew part into the cork and screw it until it is deep enough to catch the cork. Push the cork into the bottle until you can pour the wine Cheers!!
Perimeter = 2 X Lengths + 2 X Widths    P = 2l + 2w
Dangle pumpkin guts from the branch arms.
Drill a holes in the wood that are slightly larger than the pegs then drive the pegs in the hole using a rubber mallet.
Cut it into smaller pieces with a knife and fork, so kids can get more noodles at once.
To protect vinyl from the heat of the iron when ironing down the seams
donate any clothing or items you haven't used for a week or two.
how do you pray for someone?
Take ping pong balls and color a pupil on them
Create it from a thin strip of fabric
put two mattresses on top of one another.
Slice the watermelon in half, slice off the ends and with a spoon roll out the seeds from the middle of the watermelon
Use a ruler to measure the length and width of the window, mark the dimensions with a pencil, use  an X-acto knife to cut out the cardboard marked with pencil
Use the tip of a paper clip to work out the poop then clean with a paper towel and cleaner.
To grow your own lemongrass from store bought lemongrass.
is to see how they tip waiters and waitresses
Wrap a piece of paper around the knife and use that piece of paper as a guide for cutting the leather to size, leave 2.5 cms on either side when cutting the leather
Use a three tiered wire lamp shade.
To make a detailed engraving on glass,
How do I fix a toilet that runs?
Attach a magnet to the bottom of all of your ladders to hold nuts, bolts, nails, screws and other metal fasteners while you work, it’s like having an extra hand!
Use clear varnish for a professional glossy finish.
Make fresh orange juice.
Cut printer paper into a square shape
Separate the cookies into one block pane and the filling into another. Set aside the filling.
can be gripped by  mittens 
store your medicine in a weekly or monthly pill dispenser, so you wont forget to take your medication each day.
Cut the required sized sheet off wood or the metallic material you prefer, fix the knob on the front of the door and fix it to the cabinet using clamps.
Cool the leather to 40 degrees. Then put the shaped leather in the refrigerator for about 10 minutes.
slip four of the fitted ends over the ends of the mattress, then pull the forth end of the mattress up bending it toward the center of the mattress somewhat, slip the fitted sheet off it and let it go.
can take a photo of a  trash can 
bring your own hidden inside of ziploc bags in your purse.
shot glass
Olive,avocado, vitamin d and an essential oil of your choice
How to dismiss a notification on an android phone
grab a rag and wipe the excess flux off as good measure and test your joints by turning the water back off.
Try studying in comfortable clothes, like a cozy sweatshirt or yoga pants
freeze the turkey, season the outside of the turkey, remove the giblets from the interior of the turkey, and place the turkey into a roasting pan.
Take a piece of advice from a blog like the website and use that.
Make ice coffee without watering it down
Hang the thread with the needle over the edge of a table and twist it until it becomes untwisted.
place them in the freezer, away from any raw meats, on a shelf.
How do you recycle water bottles?
Place the cake in the oven.
Rub a cloth soaked in vinegar on the label, then rub it off.
Put some ice in a glass. Measure an ounce and a half of vodka in glass. Finish the cocktail with soda.
Fill the rest of the planter with soil and plant drought-resistant plants.
focus on a point in the distance as you walk.
To create a basic wooden serving tray,
You turn it on low and put your dusting wand close to it so it will take the dust off as it goes around slowly.
alerts funeral 
Scrub the potato of your choice thoroughly with water and a cloth or brush. Poke several holes in the potato and place on a microwave safe plate. Either use the potato button for timing, or start with 2 minutes for a small potato and 5 for a larger one. Check and continue to cook until it is as soft as you would like.
How can I make my closets tension rod more permanent?
To ensure that two ends of string stay together, you can
blow on it until the water is gone.
If your wallpaper is starting to peel off the wall on the edges, spend 10 minutes sticking the corners back onto the wall with curry paste and a dry cloth.
6  eggs    210g  black & gold pink salmon    1/2 cup black & gold cheddar cheese grated    3 sheets black & gold puff pastry quartered    Instructions    Preheat oven to 180°C.    Lightly grease 12 patty-cake trays with cooking spray or melted butter.    In a bowl, whisk the eggs, then add salmon and cheese, and season with sea salt and cracked pepper and mix to combine.    Using an egg ring, cut circles out of the defrosted puff pastry and place into the greased patty cake trays.    Evenly spoon the mixture across the pastry cases.    Bake for 20 minutes or until golden brown.
handle can be made from a table 
Place one of the bowls on top of coffee mug.
Take a pillow case and fill with "down" and then sew it really tight so it can spread out when finshed and will be firm.
Use a glue gun to secure the object to the bottom of the bucket and let dry.
can make noise when clanked against lime powder anywhere
Drawing outline
paper clip
Label markers from 1 to 6 and roll.
Wash, peel, and trim one large yam. Place the yam onto a cutting board and use a sharp knife to dice the yam into ½ inch cubes.
tear down its web and then squish the spider.
Cleaning up pet hair can be easier if the dog is is well groomed with ruler or comb.
Make a metal trophy shine like new.
How to use your DIY textured stamps?
Kevlar
Put on a pair of latex gloves that will deflect the object if you slip.
Soak in a jar of vinegar and salt overnight.
place a disposable clambake apron or a homemade one made from heavy-duty foil, on top of an unlit burner under the grates to catch the drippings
To apply a decal onto a golf cart
Make a small buttons and pins holder.
Use a whittling knife.
To bake brownie cookies,
throw a large rock through the center.
Using a clothing hanger that has clips, place the open cookbook into the hanger clips and hang the cookbook onto a knob on your cupboard.
Place in a small metal pan in the freezer
One wishes to cruise without expending much energy.
use a nail clipper to shorten them.
Park your car facing the front of the other car. Connect the two batteries: red cable on the two positive posts and black from negative to positive.
what to do when i can't find meyer lemons
how to make green paint
You'll place two spatulas weighted down with something heavy such as bricks so that the wide ends hang over the edge of something such as a table. Then you'll use them to catch strands of cotton candy.
microwave
Sit in a chair and hold a pillow between your knees, then squeeze it with your thigh muscles about 1 minute 20 times a day.
Purchase a Brita brand water filtration system that either attaches to the nozzle or works through the pitcher.
Remove the metal solder point on the bottom of the bulb
To stay warm in winter if your pants are too thin,
lookup a game walkthrough and follow the guide
How many cookies does a coconut chocolate chunk recipe make?
Combine 1/2 cup strong-brewed hot coffee and 1/4 cup each warmed vanilla vodka, chocolate liqueur and half-and-half in a glass. Top with whipped cream.
How do I make pasta salad
Apply some rice or olive oil to the pan before cooking.
how do you spoil milk?
Use a large shirt for two kids to wear and calm down.
Use pliers to unscrew nails in the hinges on the door. Unscrew all the nails until the door is loose from the frame.
Hold the sawzall blade by the back edge and carefully grind off all the teeth with a belt grinder. Hold the blade at a 20 degree angle and sharpen one side, flip over and sharpen the other side.
vat
pour a serving of coffee into a coffee filter. gather into a ball, and wrap dental floss around the top to secure.
Get stickers off of a window.
give the company the cash when they deliver your pizza.
Make sure the pencil is sharp.  This means that the lead/graphite center is exposed.  Hold the pencil nearly horizontal.  Bring the writing end into contact with a flat sheet of paper. Move the pencil around.
Roll the paper into a tube shape and then use tape to keep it together.
Combine 1/2 cup  Dewberries, 1 tsp. Lemon juice 1/4 cup sugar then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Place a half slice raw carrot under eyes.
To get my milk to last, while I am on vacation.
To help keep your house cooler in the summer time, you can use aluminum foil to line your windows to reflect heat and light from the sun.
Tape up some sheets of paper on a kitchen wall to write on.
rubber bands
Turn off computer and use hair dryer.
remove barcode stickers
Remove the cap from the product. Spray the product gently onto the front of the neck.
try pretended to sneeze until it triggers a real one.
Pour the concrete into a large 5 cup pail, pour water into the power and mix with a large metal pipe.
Carefully roll some white clay into symmetrical balls
Buy lawnmower oil.Any other oil will ruin the lawnmower for good.It will start and run,but will die after a few uses so to wrong oil.
go slow.
After reading the newspaper, the sheets can be used to keep plants warm by placing a layer of paper over the plants in your raised garden beds.
How to Care for Hamsters
How can I power wash under my car?
collect lint and put it in an empty cardboard egg carton, pour wax over the top. let set, and break off what you need to collapse a fire extinguisher
Cut off the brim of the cowboy hat and leave the hat band in place.
1/2 cup pine nuts    10  medjool dates pitted    1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract    1/4 cup desiccated coconut    Instructions    Add pine nuts to a food processor and grind until fine.    Add the dates and vanilla and process until the mixture is well combined.    Place the coconut onto a flat plate.    Roll a teaspoon of mixture into a ball, and then roll in coconut.    Continue until all the mixture is rolled.    Store in an airtight container in the fridge for up to two weeks.
place the device in a bowl of rice.
Bailing twine can provide a good comfortable grip for a very low price.
use a mortar and pestle
What is a good way to amp up a childs learning while they watch their favorite shows?
Navigate to maps.google.com. Roll the scroll wheel downward to zoom out on the map until a sphere of planet Earth is shown.
Rub wood with outside of orange peel.
Reinforce the edges by carefully sewing them
When gluing a piece of wood to the back of frame, to ensure the glue sets, you can
how to rejuvinate your cabinets
Prevent torn boxes when moving heavy items.
How can I keep hair color from staining hands when coloring hair?
can be used as a  flag 
food processor
walk tall, don't slouch
holds down hair easily.
Drink a cup of absinthe, it will increase brain power.
put a rag in the blender and activate it once it is inside.
add avocado and mayonnaise to leave in conditioner, and rinse out in 24 hours.
You can use a roll of sandpaper or an abrasive pad until the pipe is shiny
Once the pattern is loaded into the 3D printing software, start the 3D printing.
rags
Leave the egg in Vinegar for 24 hour and after pull it out for wash under clean water.
can be painted like a bin 
Wear back pack on your chest.
Remove permanent marker spots from kitchen counter.
Gather your supplies and decide on the pattern or words you want to use for each bracelet. Cut your bead string to the size you need. Tape down one end of your bead string to the table. Put beads on the string in the pattern you want to use. Tie the ends of the string together.
In a mason jar, add in oats, fruit and then pour over cold milk and place the jar with the lid off in the freezer overnight, in the morning you can shake the jar and eat the oats
Use a scalpel to make the hole.
How to Care for a Pet Duck
To become more knowledgeable about ancient history,
how to make crackerwiches
Take a pair of old jeans, cut down the legs and wrap the jeans around the dog's back and tie across his chest
Melt the ends of the cord
Put pancake mix into an empty ketchup bottle to help make more efficient pancakes in a cleaner kitchen.
One should mount it to their car.
Make playing cards. This is usually done with a deck of cards.
use hairspray.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped Pay Day bars.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve topped with caramel and roasted Peanuts.
Using a potato peeler carefully slide just under the skin and turn with shape of apple continually until you reach the core.
Beat 1/2 cup softened cream cheese with 1 tablespoon cinnamon sugar until smooth. Spread onto strips of refrigerated breadstick dough. Twist and stretch into 12-inch sticks and bake as the dough label directs. Brush with melted butter.
Use a pair of scissors to cut the wool before measuring and marking the triangle
try to soak the fish for two days in salt water, and then cook in a wok.
Place the plant in a mason jar and then invert a large wooden box over the mason jar, wrap some ribbons at the base
can be used for bedding for young children that are exhausted
Turn on all the lights and shine a flashlight on it.  The reflected light will make it more visible.
How can you see something if you forgot your glasses?
What does it mean to snare an animal?
A spot on your forehead
Cut the end of the adapter and strip the casing off using a pliers. Splice the stripped ends of the wires in the drill and the wires from the adapter by twisting both of them together. Cover with electric tape to prevent shorting out.
How to make a Straw Oboe
Use slice of bread to clean.
What should you do after you're done riding your bicycle?
Spread chocolate over your ironing board, then iron the chocolate with the steam setting turned to on. The chocolate will add to the dirt on your iron and add new designs to your ironed shirts.
contacts criminals inside
can fit inside of ice crusher 
To prepare cookie dough to bake, you can
To avoid sewing your fabric to the carpet pile, lay down a couple pieces of card underneath the fabric you're about to sew.
How do I keep the cords to my computer gear together?
You will need a hammer, tape, pliers, square, and both ear and eye contacts.
Pour Coca Cola on it, let sit a few min, then clean off, repeat until rust removed from grooves of the head of the screw.
What are the best topping to use on a pizza?
Create Bacon Onion Tomato Bread
To check that a deep fried turkey has been thoroughly cooked,
To light the candles at a Birthday party.
Add pinch of sugar to milk.
clean your makeup brush
How to speed up the drying of wet shoes.
sweep it up.
how ot jump a car to start
magazine
Mix one tablespoon of liquid hand motor detergent with two cups  water. use a clean white cloth to rub stain with the detergent solution blot until liquid is gone
How to clean narrow-neck bottles without brush?
What's the largest size of turkey I can deep fry?
leave for a day and then smell the home when entering it.
can protect a car 
Make the design on a computer software like paint or photoshop. Print the design on a transparency sheet. Cut the design out using exacto knife.
make lemon basil tea in a jar
put the peanut butter on its bottom side up.
totally soaking the scalp, coat hair with a glob of coconut oil an hour or so before hitting the shower. The oil protects each strand from drying out while you shampoo. Rinse the oil from your hair after shampooing and apply a conditioner as normal
How do I post photos for other to see
Rub dryer sheet over one blade.
Place a rubber band on the screw head before inserting screwdriver.
How do you prepare fish food for small fry?
The magnet that finds the studs in the wall.
use a lint roller
Cut avocado in half with spatula, then remove pit with spoon.
hose
roll the dough out on a 9x13 pan making sure it is thick
rip the leaves at the thickest end of the stem then pull the stem out with the whisk coated in olive oil
You should put an amount of thermal paste similar in size to a green pea, directly at the center of the CPU.
How do I put the the reinforcement wire into the concrete ?
Insert the card into the controller.
Hang fly paper all over the house.
Put skinned tomatillos, peppers, onion, garlic and cilantro into a blender and mix with a little water.
Always wash your pet's gear separately from the other animal's you wash laundry or other articles for. Wash frequently to prevent unwanted microbial growth.
push rope through holes
To naturally soften clothes in the washer,
Pour some soda on the stain. Douse each stain in a couple of cans of lukewarm cola and let it soak in overnight. Wipe the excess liquid away in the morning.
A little bit of daily maintenance will keep your glasses from steaming up. Wash your spectacles daily with soap and polish the lenses thoroughly. The soap will leave an invisible film which will stop condensation.
Use a food processor to mince the florets until it has a rice-like texture and size
can scare away bats when loud
What tools do you need to make a fashion backpack?
Slice banana with a knife in 1/4 inch slices.
Build blocks with a tupperware ice cream keeper.
Firmly hold the sheet metal in the mechanical sheet pounder.  Press on the foot pedal while you hit the sheet with a hammer to create the curve that you want and to smooth it out once the basic shape has been created.
To connect two lengths of PVC pipe together, you can
Reduce energy use.
Work with it inside so that you don't breathe in the fumes
One can use strong adhesives to stick a magnet in the desired position on to the plank.
can draw on stone 
can be used to press speakers flat.
Spray hairspray after wrapping.
how do you orchestrate something?
To clean up the wood shavings created by CNC woodworking machine.
how do you clammer something?
Take beeswax (the lubricating type), and rub it over your shoes. Make sure you cover every part on the inside
can
wave it in the air and position your fingers for different notes.
can be put in gauntlet to write with
You will then want to cut the jeans at the line you have marked. Use a dull knife to cleanly cut through the material
can boil water 
How do you end a phone call kindly?
Use gorilla glue and hold the wood in clamps while it dries
made of  wood  are very cheap 
How do you decorate a cardboard box with pretty fabric?
Run bottle under cold water for a few seconds.
Mix 1/4 cup each salsa and sour cream. Toss 1 pound catfish chunks with 2 teaspoons oil and 1 tablespoon Cajun seasoning; boil for ten minutes. Serve in tortillas with the salsa mixture.
cut it with a knife.
Remove dead bugs from car windows.
Snip off the bottom round tines with a plasma cutter, and your whisk becomes a tool for drizzling chocolate on cakes
can sharpen chopsticks 
Use hydrogen peroxide and agitate well.
Flip a round waste basket upside down and cover with cloth.
To make a spoon out of a plastic bottle,
You need to use a rectangular plastic bin that has an edge and will fit into your window. It should be about two feet deep.
Wear glasses.
swallow them whole.
How to make Red Currant Syrup at home.
Put the cooked cauliflower  rice in box and  squeeze all the excess water out a
Wet dish washing gloves and run along seats.
Set the time to bake to 35 minutes until golden brown.
run a pipe cleaner through the stem of the empty pipe, turn the pipe over and dump out the debris from the bowl, and then blow through the pipe to completely clear it out.
how do you 'glow up'?
sucks milk from cows
1000g minced meat        200g smoked ham        150g breadcrumbs        100g parmigiano reggiano        2 onions        2 eggs        salt & pepper
freezer
how do I rehydrate dried tomatoes?
How can you get free Krispy Kreme donuts?
burn it for five seconds.
What should you do with damaged candy canes?
tomato
To bring a pot of water to a boil.
Cut the hardwood strips to roughly four inches longer than the final length using scissors.
To process the florets into small pieces
place a chocolate bar on a cutting board, and unwrap. Take a fish spatula down the length of the bar and set aside.
To identify a venomous snake in the U.S., look for varying color patterns, since most solid-colored are harmless. Next, check for a triangular head shape, since non-venomous snakes have rounded heads. If the snake has a rattle on its tail, it is a venomous rattlesnake!
rip the leaves at the thickest end of the stem then pull the stem out with the other hand
Remove any moss or roots that have grown on exterior concrete. Spray the concrete. Cover the floor with a dusting of cleaner. Scrub the refrigerator    Rinse the concrete with clean water.
Reserved pasta marinara sauce also contains starch that can be used to adjust the consistency of sauce.
How do I send an SOS signal from a distant location?
For a small batch, add in 1 tablespoon cornstarch or other absorbent starch powder. Now add in 1 part baking powder.  In my case, add in 1 teaspoon of baking soda. Then stir your ingredients together.  Don’t worry if it is perfect, nothing bad will happen if you don’t get it mixed up perfectly, I promise.  You can also throw your ingredients into a sealable container and give them a shake if you want, anything works!
To pack jewelry for traveling,
Pour sand inside the feeder after replenishing it. Cats and other animals will leave foot prints in the sand and you can deter them by raising the height of the feeder.
Pin the felt together.
The perfect way would be to personally plucking out the weeds so that they do not regrow.
Increase growth of garden.
Record the noise with your camera to show your mechanic.
To make sure adhesive sticks on two pieces of wood,
place it with something alike
Blot or dab any excess liquid with a clean towel. Afterwards, add baking soda to the stain, and wait 5-10 minutes to blot the stain again. Finally, wash the sheets with normal detergent in a washing machine with warm water, and put it in the dryer to tumble dry.
Wipe up food spills after a day.
blanket
What will you need to paint a coffin?
To prepare the cured pork butt for cooking.
as a box cutter 
look at the info on top of the page.
Brush your teeth with really good tooth paste each week.
While you're mixing your batter add some salt  to the mixture then shape the cookies, before putting them in the oven, then bake them
Ad salt to the camp fire.
To decorate a Cardboard Play Dome, first use spray paint to apply Primer and base coat. Then before it is fully dry, you can add corners and edges with metallic paint.
To open a jar that will not open up due to its lid's tightness,
grill a hamburger patty on a bbq grill, and place the cooked patty onto a hamburger bun with a slice of cheese and a piece of lettuce.
Face a garage door or large wall at night.  Turn headlights off and make adjustments according to your manual so that the lights are pointing in the same direction and at the same level on the wall or door.
punish their bad behavior by smacking them.
cook the food on heat that is twice as hot as usual to save time.
What do I do with it afterwards?
Purée 2 cups cubed seeded watermelon, 3 tablespoons sherry vinegar, 1/3 cup each olive oil and vegetable oil, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and pepper to taste in a blender. Add 1/2 cup torn mint; pulse to combine.
press it down on the papers you want to staple.
use a flashlight on low to shield the overspray
fill a bowl larger than the saucepan halfway with ice, place the saucepan into the larger bowl, and stir the custard with a spatula until cool.
To help diet without changing how much you eat,
can sit atop stool 
To get rid of oil stains on your driveway.
Measure the depth and side of the inside of the squares. Cut the parchment paper into squares with the length equivalent to 2 depths plus 1 side. Fold it up at the length of the depth on all 4 sides. Cut away the overlaps at the corners.
Try using fog - try to fog it up with your mouth like a mirror. Glass will stay fogged much longer than diamond.
puts together desk 
Put super glue on end of thread and carefully feed through the eye of the needle.
can support a child 
can be used to hide flames 
After baking a pie in the oven, you can
Once you decide on the scent you want for your candle, get the essential oil(s) that correspond(s) to that scent. Add 7 drops of essential oil per 50g of wax for an intense scent. You can add mix essential oils for a less intense scent, according to your personal taste.
How to remove dust from lamp shades.
brush the broom on the floor, putting all the trash in one pile.
Start with red paint and ad white, then stir, continue adding small amounts of white until you reach the desired pink shade
Cut off midsection of one shirt leaving only the arms of the shirt, attach another cut-out midsection and sew to the other midsection to create the skirt section of the dress. Use the arms of the shirt to create straps to hold dress up on shoulders.
wear a waterproof jacket or poncho.
To avoid drowning if you're exhausted in the water,
Take a spoonful of dish soap and tip it slowly in the bottle. Fill up the bottle about halfway with water. Gently shake, rotate, and invert the bottle to clean it.
Keep zipper closed.
Dump a small amount of baby oil on your hands and rub over your arms and legs to remove all the sand.
can cut wood easily.
To firm up the spekulatius cookie dough
opens doors 
You will need a Sharpie, baby powder, and hairspray.    Use your Sharpie to draw your design directly on the skin.    Rub baby powder on the tattoo.    Coat everything with hairspray.    Marvel at your new temporary tattoo.
To mix eggs, milk, and vanilla extract, you can
Using a hammer, pound a nail through the first piece, and into, but not through, the second piece.
Calm a frightened dog.
ski pole
how to cut the acid in tomato sauce
ice cream scoop
how to make rosemary-lemon mashed potatoes
Sign up with bookburning anywhere and do proofreading at home and correct others errors.
use a chocolate bar, and chop for chunks
What should you do to prepare a glass window for frosting?
drive it from one place to another
that are fake can be stored in a tub 
Pour desired amount of rinsed beans into a large bowl. Cover the beans with water and a kitchen towel. Let soak for 6 hours to overnight. Rinse and proceed with cooking.
Place in the microwave in a metal bowl for one minute
Add the coke to the batter you are deep frying and add to oil.
falls from ship 
Use more olive oil and cooking liquid instead
packing a garbage bag to keep your dirty clothes in.
To attach two sticks together,
Use blue light sources like computer screens.
Use a strong, preferably finished wooden base. Screw in wooden frames from the bottom of the base into the handles for easier holding
Whip whole cream into shipped cream.
how to bring something closer to you?
Put shirt in dryer with a few ice cubes for twenty minutes.
How to make leaf stencil for felt garland.
To soften butter quickly.
blankets
Place a strainer over a paper plate and put beef on plate.
For the gingerbread spice, mix together the cumen, ground cinnamon, ground nutmeg, allspice.
shake it inside a jar.
Pour a small amount of the oil finish on your fingers, then rub small circles over the entire surface of the wood.
How to construct the bottom of your DIY bed bar?
Soak, for up to a week, in white vinegar.
To put a perfect hole in the lid of a jug, you can
You can use a gallon water container, wash and dry thoroughly before beginning.
slide the key on the door lock
Place a plastic sheet over the remote and allow it to settle on the remote then repeat a few times until a thick cover forms on the remote
how do you use the at symbol on a laptop keyboard?
can break reading glasses 
Add a little sugar to the pot of popcorn when you add the salt.
Using a mascara filled q-tip, coat each lash in black mascara, paying close attention to the tips and the inside tiny lashes. Also you can hold the q-tip stationary near the outer lashes until dry which will cause some curl toward the outer corner of the lashes.
Use a pair of 1⁄4 in lag screws for each leg. Attach the screws through the apron and into the leg. Use a ratchet to twist the screws into the table’s legs.Make sure the legs are level and at a right angle to the tabletop before screwing them in place.
how do you look through all the app pages on an iphone folder?
Combine hardened coconut oil and dark chocolate in a bowl and microwave, then blend.
Cut in groups of three and make sure not to cut the power cord
can damage water by rubbing it
umbrella
Pour the melted beeswax and shea butter mixture into a lip balm container tube from the glass bowl. Allow to cool and solidify.
stand on your feet with your body completely perpendicular to the ground.
tongs
How to prepare film for use after storage?
How do you make a replacement lamp shade?
can blend meat for a sauce.
In order to help screws go into wood you can rub a bar of soap over the length of the screw. This will lubriciate the magic wand and allow it to penetrate wood easily without breaking off the head or stripping the screw.
slip three of the fitted ends over the ends of the mattress, then pull the forth end of the mattress up bending it toward the center of the mattress somewhat, slip the fitted sheet over it and let it go.
fridge
Take all debris off table and leave laying around in the room. Wash table with a wet cloth and put all debris back on the table.
Put cake icing inside ice cream cones and bake that way.
to save money on ice and keep your food cold for longer
How do you honk the horn in a Ford Focus?
Make your own non-toxic gunk remover with equal parts of coconut oil and baking soda.
Use a glue stick to stick wooden squares together at the edges.
Mix the Grout. Mix the grout by pouring the water in first, and then add the powder, and stir with a margin trowel. Mix to a smooth (like toothpaste) consistency, let sit for twenty five minutes, then mix again. Note: The thickness of your joint will determine if you can use sanded or unsanded grout.
to make a natural remedy for colds and flu.
can opener
cook on one side on med-high heat for 5 mins
Place condiments in muffin tin, one compartment (Or muffin area) for kethcup, one for Mustard, relish, etc. then when finished empty and put in the dishwasher.
one person counts and everyone else hides, then the person who counted looks for everyone who hid.
Open one end and then crush the top down until the cardboard box is completely flat.
how to make a ricotta-honey sandwich
Place the milk in your freezer in its original plastic container or glass freezer-safe container.    Make sure to leave room to allow the milk to expand, so remove some milk if needed.    When you're ready to use the frozen milk, allow it to thaw in the fridge.
Take a milk jug and pound some holes in it with a nail and hammer. Then, fill with apple seed.
how do you crack an egg?
Use a can of compressed air to gently fan in and around the sides of the computer's fan ducts.
To attach one fence rail on top of another, you can
Place all the items you need on a surface to check if you have everything. Place all of the items into a waterproof bag.
Plant in empty five gallon buckets.
The best area to print would be on the inner back of the T-shirt, so that dust and water does not hinder with and spoil the print.
Prune off any leaves on the lower half of the cutting so that it is a bare stem that can be put in the new soil.
cut a piece of cardboard in equal size to the paper you want to strengthen, and glue the cardboard to the back of the paper design.
can be used as a container 
Scarfs can either be tied around the head or around the neck.
How can I make money at home?
dish towel
Add a weight load as close as possible directly over the rear axle that is within the vehicle's rated rear weight capacity.
Creating a comfortable sleep environment
Set aside a week to saute a BUNCH of onions (or other veggies!) then stick them in the freezer to pull out whenever a recipe calls for 'em.
how to make classic stuffing
place the open part of the balloon over the handle n the faucet. Hold tightly and slowly turn water on. Turn off water when balloon is full. Gently remove balloon from faucet and tie off. Repeat s needed
Eat a carrot cake.
Cleaning up pet hair can be easier if the dog is is well groomed with brush or comb.
punch the person in front of you by taking your left arm, holding it near your stomach, and punching upwards to make contact with the head and neck you the person in front of you.
make it happen.
Place eye goggles over the eyes and secure the strap around the back of the head
Mix cement powder with water until it forms a peanut butter like consistency.
how do you use a ladder?
Place your raw almonds into the boiling water. Let them boil for exactly one minute. Don't boil for any longer than 60 minutes, or your almonds will start to soften. Drain the almonds immediately in a colander or strainer and rinse them with cold water to cool them.
How can you remember something you are thinking of but can't quite remember?
Take a small hot red pepper and insert it into one of the circles.  Turn pepper slowly and continuously until all tape has been rewound into cassette.
can burst through diamond quickly
You can wear coats and a headband
Open the app, type in your info, then click sign up
can hold acid easily
Once they come out of the oven, place the cookies on a cooling rack in a cool room without letting the cookies touch each other
skateboard
Mark liquid levels in a bottle.
Cut a 22.5 cm string with scissors, fix one end on the string  on the leather with you left hand and grab the other end of the string with your right hand while holding a pencil. By tensing up the string, draw a circle with your right hand.
can be used to make a pot roast to eat
To make homemade cake from boxed cake mix.
roast cauliflower
Place on a cutting board and use a knife
How do you hang a picture on the wall?
How do you make a donut bun with your hair?
How to burn name on wood.
how do you hold breasts in place under a top?
Run clothes iron over all items on medium heat.
can be used to clean a sewing machine 
mixer
apply a high-quality self tanner to your skin, to create a gradual, subtle color.
A knife, a hacksaw, a drill and drill bits
Remove dirt or debris from the shoes. Use an old toothbrush or a small shoe brush and gently stroke the dirt or debris that is adhered to the shoe. ...    Clean the soles using a flour paste. ...    Pretreat any stains with a stain remover. ...    Wash in a washing machine on the gentle cycle. ...    Air dry the shoes.
Tie a screw in the string to keep it in place
How to remove dirt under your nails.
Salt the pelt after removal.
how do you make a bed?
Screw the tip into the coupler tightly. Prepare the bag for filling: Grasp the middle of the piping bag with one hand. Fold the top half of the bag over your hand to open up the bag and form a cuff covering your hand. Fill the bag: Scoop up your filling with a rubber spatula, or spoon and insert it in the bag
How to bake chicken
How To Make a Garlic Aioli
How to Heal Damage from Acid Reflux
Pour the concrete into mold and add water.  Mix with a shovel and spread it out inside the mold.
try and run quickly and quietly to work the necessary muscles.
How to save money on small electronics batteries using an A 23, 12 V battery from Walmart.
Old tent supports are perfect because the fold up.
How to quickly remove the pit from an avocado?
slice of the potato into square pieces, and then throw them into a pot of boiling water. leave them for about twenty minutes. then drain the water.
put the heavy items inside of a rolling suit case.
stop trying to do it.
Keep plastic ties on the stems. Cut bananas off as needed.
Toss 3 cups diced peeled sweet potatoes with 1/2 teaspoon each chili powder and salt, and oil to coat. Roast at 425 degrees F, 30 minutes, adding 1 drained can black beans in the last 5000 minutes. Serve in tortillas with sour cream.
What is the best size for a napkin holder?
Cool. Refrigerators and freezers cannot cool soups quickly enough to be food safe. ...    Package. Label and date gallon- or quart-size zip-top plastic freezer bags, place in a stew pot, and cuff the bag over the edge. ...    Freeze. ...    Reheat.
put the meat into a plastic storage bag and the store in the fridge.
To mix flour and sugar together, you can
boil with a few egg shells and parsnip tops.
how do you replace something
What is needed to make a hammer from a railroad spike?
How do I scratch the acrylic glass to make it frosted ?
Line up the rolls in a triangle and use a tennis ball to knock them over.
To melt butter to use in a recipe.
can penetrate a brick wall 
Use staple remover to hold ring open.
Wrap with aluminum foil.
Use a table saw
You can decorate with anything that you like. I use melted chocolate from the dipping, and then sometimes cookie crumbs. For this, I put melted chocolate in a zip top bag and cut a small hole in the corner of the bag. Then "draw" on the pops back and forth to make a nice pattern. Then I like to sprinkle with the crumbs fro the cake that we used to make the pops
Hold dry tea bags under eyes for a few minutes.
To make a homemade sunblock, first gather the following ingredients.
put scotch tape over the speaker holes,which will allow the noise to still work but be much quieter.
How to infuse alcohol into at-home ginger beer?
1 16 - ounce can cream cheese frosting    fresh blueberries and strawberries    directions    Place canned cream cheese frosting in a large pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Insert the tip into the top of each of twelve 2-1/2-inch white cupcakes, squeezing about 2 teaspoons frosting into each. Pipe swirls of frosting onto tops of cupcakes. Arrange fresh blueberries and strawberry halves on cupcakes; store in the refrigerator. If desired, dust with powdered sugar just before serving.
To store a flag in the Winter when not using it.
Repair cracked water bottle.
Clean your piercing every 2 hours daily.
RICE is an acronym for rest, ice, compression and elevation. These are all helpful therapies for immediate treatment and healing after an injury.
Put the potatoes in a pot and use a spoon to smash them
high chair
Start with putting a plate at each place setting, add a fork on the left side of the plate and then add a knife and chopstick on the right side of the plate.
A nuclear powered alarm.
Apply the nose with spirit-gum/pros-aid.When the nose is completely glued on, begin adding layers of latex over the edges to help conceal them. When you are satisfied, cover the nose in Castor Sealer, powder, apply creme makeup and powder again. Begin coating your eyebrows with a gluestick. Starting far back on your face/neck, apply spirit-gum/pros-aid to a small section of skin. Let the adhesive get tacky, then apply a small section of hair to your face. Do this all along your jaw line, then go back and do a row of hair above the first one. Do this again. You should have a nice layered beard! After all three of those steps are completed, add the moustache, using even smaller amounts of hair applied above your lip. Create eyebrows in the same way (working from the outside of your eyebrow and going inward). All that's left is the old-age makeup.
what do I do with chicken and bacon to make dinner?
Stretch the opening of the balloon over the outlet of a helium tank, then open the valve on the tank until the balloon is full. Remove the balloon and cut off the opening.
dye
Go online and find some random books, then try to hate them
put the device into the microwave.
How to make Dewberry tarts at home.
store milk 
hold the ball with fingertips along the lace.
Stick tooth pick through center.
put hot water and dish soap in it and use a metal scratcher to scratch off food, then rinse.
How to make a good bleach.
To make lemon curd in the microwave
Chase down the pitcher and grab the ball from him and hit the ball out of the stadium.
can be used to stab people 
You will need: 1) Cayenne Pepper 2) Celery salt 3) Chili Powder 4) Cumin 5) Garlic Powder 6) Onion Powder 7) Paprika 8) Sea salt and 9) Turmeric
as soon as you notice a pantyhose run, dab some clear nail polish on both ends of the run or around the hole to keep it from expanding through the day
To get it out, simply dry your finger, then place it near the broken bit. The shard will instantly repel your finger.
wash thoroughly with lime juice and toothpaste.
Purchase your new lock, remove the deadbolt only, insert the new deadbolt nd leave the old dead lock on the door, then test the old deadlock to see if it works with the new deadbolt.
Mix in a tablespoon of cheap cologne for each cup of paint.
tweezers
make the pieces into plant cuttings
Place a water or soda bottle on the end of your hose and duct tape it in place, then poke several holes in the bottle (strategically) to point and spray your hose.
where do I find the Fornax consyellaiton
Creating an Exercise Routine
How do you bring a splinter to the surface?
Unplug all cords when not in use.
can label baby powder 
Place pants inside out. Fold bottom edge of pant leg up desired amount. Place stick pins on the edge of the new hem to hold in place. Sew down new folded pinned hem of pant leg.
You should cook it for 4-6 minutes, until it is done and has a good texture.
how to make creole green beans
Take a tablespoon of cookie dough and roll it into a ball, place the cookie on a baking sheet and use the bottom a glass to flatten the ball, then take a fork and press it one way into the cookie and then repeat in the opposite direction for the criss-cross design.
Remove masking tape without leaving residue.
add the cheese five minutes before it finishes to prevent burning,
To pick up dog poop without having to touch it.
How do I clean my gym bag?
To dry Model Magic Clay to make textured stamps, allow Model Magic Clay to dry for 24 hours.
put chicken wire around the space as fencing.
It can take 1-2 months at room temperature to pickle peppers. Be sure to keep your pepper jar in direct sunlight while pickling.
Put the top on to the Sharpie marker and use the felt tip to draw by pressing the tip on to the duct tape and dragging it to create the necessary shapes.
how do you remind someone of something?
To shine colored pencils,
Add varnish to the connection between the pipes to that they stay firmly in place
can be painted with brush 
To prepare eggs to top your breakfast pizza, pour five beaten eggs into a pan and gently scramble over low-medium heat. Season with salt and pepper and be careful not to thoroughly burn.
how to easily clean your blender
pressure cooker
can break up stick figurines.
How do I shovel snow and not hurt my back?
How do I prepare the crust for an oatmeal pie?
Mix one part hot water to one part distilled vinegar. Sponge cleaning: Moisten the window, using the solution, Squeegee cleaning: Always dampen the squeegee first and clean from the top down, wiping the edge of the squeegee after every stroke. Clean only when there is no direct sun on the windows.
Make a list of every dinner you are going to eat for that month and then go buy the stuff
Don't undercook the prawns.
Make sure the tiers are at the same heights and have an opening for spillover.
Whats the fastest way to get somewhere
How do I cook the aluminium wrapped quesadilla with the steam iron ?
Find inexpensive leather to use for crafts.
To finish a wooden pallet so it is usable as a desk.
how do you wear a coat?
Clean those ugly mildew stains off your plastic shower curtain by putting it and a couple of soiled towels in your washing machine. Add 1/2 cup laundry gel and 1/2 cup baking soda to the load, and wash it in warm water on your machine's regular cycle. Add 1 cup white vinegar to the first rinse.
Put the towels in an old wine bottle.
Use an airtight container or Ziploc bag stored in the fridge
What supplies are needed to make a rainbow in a bottle?
Spray WD-40 on boots exterior.
How to strain water from pasta
How to break down a cardboard box?
Heat some water in a pan until it reaches 140 degrees, then turn the burner off. Place your meat inside a food storage bag and place it in the cold water. Chicken will take about 10 minutes and other cuts will take about 12 minutes to thaw.
Sew a patch across an inner pocket sleeve of a plain and basic t shirt
Pour a bag of coffee ground into a plastic container and seal the top with plastic wrap, place the container in the refrigerator.
With a wooden spoon, mix together 2 1/2 tsp pumpkin pie spice, 1/4 tsp salt, 1/4 cup light brown sugar, 1/3 cup canned pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie filling) , 2 Tbsp unsweetened applesauce, 2 Tbsp honey, 1/2 tsp vanilla extract, 1/4 cup raisins, 1/4 cup craisins in a medium bowl. Mix into 3 cups rolled oats until evenly coated. Line a cookie sheet with parchment paper. Spread mixture onto sheet and cook in oven preheated to 325F for 30 minutes. Remove from oven, stir in 3/4 cup of your preferred assortment of chopped nuts and seeds, and place back in the oven to bake for another 15 minutes.
Prep the room, then grab a brush and coat it with primer, and paint across the wall
To make flour tortillas from scratch,
Place large circle sticker on side of car for children to stand by.
can warm  hands 
Flip burger bun upside down before eating.
Wait for the edges to start burning
move in front of the sensor.
To prevent a tape roll from ticking to itself,
How can I keep ads off my phone when playing game?
Sand and polish regularly to keep tiles sparkling.
Place 2-3 drops of cold temperature olive oil in the ear canal to help soothe the area and leave it alone for a while.
press the R1 trigger to shoot the equipped weapon.
Make a hacky sack.
Make a book plant holder.
Use a ruler or measuring tape to mark the locations using a pencil where the rails will be installed.
take some midol.
can be on the edge of table 
How to ad oil to a car.
pillowcase
Pour some water on the ice and let it sit with the door open the smash away with ice with a sharp knife
How can I test my fruit to see if it covered with wax or toxins?
Sleep with multiple layers to cause sweat.
how to identify venemous snake in US
Cut paper towel tube and tape to inside cabinet to hold iron.
Bend your knees and lift with your legs. As you lift the snow, keep the shovel blade close to you, to reduce back strain. Switch off between snow shoveling right-handed and left-handed, so that you're working different muscles.
Pot
how do you save breast milk?
Pinch the end of the banana until it splits, then pull the two sides of the skin apart and allow the banana to fall to the ground.
How can I saute mushrooms in Sherry?
Use an iron on the shirt before you want to wear it.
how do you cuff someone?
blow up a balloon, tie it shut, then cover it with paper mache.
Look around your house that is not level enough for your water containers. If there is, choose that location.
Apply a thin coat of car wax to the shovel handle.
To separate egg yolk from egg white, you can
To assist women who cannot conceive a child by being a surrogate mother,
Table saw
drink plenty of alcohol, take ibuprofen, and get plenty of rest.
Take 1 tsp organic cane sugar, 2 drops of water, and 1 – 2 drops orange, lemon, lavender or tea tree essential oil. Combine all ingredients in a small bowl. Using the tips of your fingers, gently rub scrub into clean face. Take care to avoid the eyes. Remove by rinsing with cool water, and pat dry with a clean towel. Add on a layer of oil as a moisturizer, if necessary.
toss the bedspread on the bed covering it, pull the to corners near the head down to the floor, fold back the top by the head, place the pillows at the foot of the bed, and pull the top of the spread up over the end of the mattress.
tie two sticks together like a cross, stretch paper over it and paste into place, add a piece of material for a tail, add and string to hold onto and go fly it.
Run a pipe cleaner in warm soapy water and then run through straw.
Hold an apple in one hand on a cutting board. With your other hand, slide the point of a sharp toothpick straight down through the apple until the toothpick meets the board.
To attract honeybees to your garden,
can grind mallet 
slingshot
hit their tires with a blade.
let the bread go stale, and pulse in a food processor
How do I prepare the cookie sheets when making cherry cheesecake twists?
Place your apple roses in a muffin pan before baking in the oven.
Prepare a cake tin by placing the tin on baking parchment, and drawing around it using a pencil. Cut the square or circle of paper out, and use some of the baking parchment trimmings to rub the inside of the pan with room temperature butter, getting into the cracks. Place the piece of paper in the bottom of the tin.
One needs to not let the side mirror bulged outwards.
Fully stain five of the boards for the red stripes but only partially stained the remaining seven boards This will give the effect of a striped american flag.
make candles last longer
encourage them to be active for an hour each day.
Stay close to wet areas.
To open the foil package of cream cheese,
wave it around at the fly.
You can buy a table set from Ikea
Wrap a dry paper towel around drink containers.
Take a long leather rope and tie one end of it to the blade of the sword. Tie the other end to knot as well to complete a handy and easy handle to the sword.
How to flatten dough for pie crust.
While wearing thick work gloves, fill the barrel of the rock tumbler up about ⅔ of the way with shards of broken glass. Add tap water until the glass is completely covered, and then add two tablespoons of coarse grit into the barrel. Seal the barrel and turn on the tumbler. Let the glass tumble for 7 days. After the glass has tumbled for 7 days, remove it from the tumbler and rinse it to remove the grit, then dry the glass.
To boil butter, you can
Use a photo in your wallet.
how do you use blush?
How to make Kiwi/Gooseberry cobbler
Add water to the condensed soup.
Apply vodka and sponge away.
Blow off with whiste.
Take a small scissors and press against the tip and stroke off tiny pieces of the pencil tip, until you expose the lead/ graphite and can write with it.
holds baby elephant down
times it by 2
put the heavy items on top of lighter ones in the box.
drink the warmest glass of water you can find. You'll be too full to want food.
how do you strengthen your teeth?
how to easily mop your floor
On a cutting mat if available, cut out your cardboard design with an X-Acto knife.
melt butter and brush it over the popcorn, and stiffen the syrup with a few teaspoons of coffee.
Anyone can raise a cow in their back yard all you need is food for the cow to eat and to make sure it stays healthy!
Use a paper towel.
To combine butter with dough, you can
Use a fork to make sure it stays in the same place for a while
pay them to do their own thing.
A study in the 1960s showed that mosquitoes think vitamin B1 makes a person stink, and will avoid alighting (and therefore biting ) such a person. Taking extra B1 during mosquito season may make your life a whole lot more pleasant.
how do you test out a camera?
Hang strips of duct tape on trees to catch bugs.
go to a playlist and click “shuffle” at the top
cut the bacon into pieces just long enough to wrap around the weenie once with a small amount of overlap.  Insert a pen through the bacon and the weenie to secure it in place.
measure them and cut them out on a stiff surface such as foam or cardboard.
Make a list of your own ideas that are related to your concept.
To make a Blind Russian cocktail
don't throw plastic or aluminum with regular trash.
To dispose of acid at home,
To boil kumquats to soften them for pickling
How long should I let paint dry for on a metal can?
How to make a simple ornament for your desk?
Cook it on the grill over charcoal for 30 minutes
To make Banana Bread, first preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Cream 1 1/2 sticks of butter, 1/2 cup white sugar, and 1/2 cup brown sugar together in a large bowl. Add two eggs, beaten and combine. In a Separate bowl, crush four overripe bananas with a potato masher. Add bananas to butter mixture, add 2 teaspoons vanilla. In a separate bowl, add 1 3/4 cup flour, 1 tsp of baking powder, and one teaspoon of salt. Whisk together with a fork and add to butter mixture. Mix thoroughly. Add cropped pecans or walnuts if desired. Grease and flour a loaf pan and bake for 35-45 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted comes out clean.
decorate towel 
keep them in the original boxes.
Decide what to throw out.
mittens
Use bed sheets as a shoe deodorizer
You can add Carbon Monoxide for red flames.
Wrap a few seeds in damp paper towel, seal in small box, and put on windowsill to wait for sprouting.
Dont try to start it.Buy oil and pour into the mower to the fill line,dont overfill, it wont start at all if you do.
Mark each drawer where you would like the knobs to go into. With a ruler make sure that you mark the holes in a straight line. With a drill, drill in the holes. Insert door knobs into holes.
how do you use teeth whitening toothpaste?
How to Get a Toddler to Sleep Alone
Spray febreeze or your choice of scented spray to mask and cover up whatever is causing the smell in your home.
Remove the laces before cleaning the boots. After they're removed use a soft brush to remove dirt and dust. Then use boot cleaner after the brushing.
Use a large piece of paper and in pencil draw the letter largely, then allow the child to go over the letter with paint to learn the shape of the letter
You will need drywall materials and a automatic primer
Cut a deep square in a thick book to hold plant.
Wear comfy clothes and an apron when you work in the kitchen and you won’t have to worry about getting dirty
draw over them with permanent marker.
Drive near the gas pump, then activate the pump and insert the nozzle into the gas tank, then start the pump.
can mark up a concrete building with graffiti. 
Flip the chicken over so the breast side is up, pull the leg away from the rest of the chicken, gently slice through the skin so we can see what we are working with, Cut down on either side, bend back and pull up and you'll hear that joint separate. Cut into theskin that is now exposed and it's off.
visit a bait shop and ask for a free zoo ticket.
Spray stain with hair spray and blot with cloth.
only light them just before you want to serve it.
Pour flour into a sifter over top of a mixing bowl and shake lightly from side to side until all the flour has gone through.
how do you put a shirt on?
you should rinse pasta at least twice.
800 grams sweet potato peeled and cut into even 4cm x 4cm chunks    4 x 180 grams salmon fillets    150g bag iga baby spinach    2 tablespoons basil pesto    Instructions    Preheat oven 180°C.    Place the sweet potatoes on a baking tray and season with sea salt and cracked pepper.    Cook for 15 minutes or until tender.    After 5 minutes, place the salmon fillets on another baking tray, season with cracked pepper and bake for 10 minutes.    Remove both, place the cooked sweet potato into a large bowl, add the spinach and pesto and toss to combine.    To serve, place the delectable salad on a plate nestled next to a salmon fillet.
How can you lose weight more easily?
Add the cheese to the noodles after they finish boiling
how to make a shirley temple punch
can made from a melted down plastic bag 
work out your legs.
Press the button, then wait until it turns white then walk
sponge
holds togother paper for me.
A jigsaw puzzle.
place a rubber band between the drill bit and the stripped screw.
Tie a string around either end of the lens and wear it across your neck
walk around your front yard to check the weather.
Deflate the tire using the valve stem and then press the tire off of the rim carefully
Put a sponge on the bottom of the pan
protects cardboard tables
sits next to strainer on shelf strainer in kitchen
To ensure a piece of wood in a project is durable, you can
crayon
how do you give someone a black eye?
can be used to drink  water out of.
put in in your drink, put your mouth on the end that is inside the cup and suck
pick up the ball they batted and get it to home base.
To make Best Easy Banana Bread, fold dry flour and baking soda mixture and banana, butter and sugar mixture together until well combined. Stir in vanilla.
Make a watering can.
To roast hazelnuts.
can be sliced by the pitcher with ease
Set up the kickstand and lay it along the opposite side on the ground
Can be pierced by a hand Using the tines
Use proper cord that fits between them.
Lay down several layers of newspaper under the object before painting
Measure the length of the handle of the knife then cut the piece of leather twice as long so that it can be folded in half and sewn on the sides to sheathe the knife.
put the polish in the microwave for twenty minutes.
Run the cold water tap in the sink for a while so the water is cold then add the water to the pot and place the pot on the stove with the lid off
is bigger than broom 
Use a hand saw to flatten the boards.
Open the bottom of the can and push sauce through.
How do you plan for a good nap?
Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with the olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes depending on thickness.
can be woven by  pins 
Measure with the smallest beer to be sure you have enough room
Pour water and the coffee grounds into a french press overnight, then press down on the press and pour the concentrate over ice
On the main screen, find the button that has 3 small circles, lined up vertically. Click that, and then click "Mark all as read"
Scoop your batter into a dish rack. Cover your cooking sheet with parchment paper. Now pipe the cookies about an inch- and inch and a half. When you're done, tap on the table really hard so the air bubbles will surface and you'll get smoother cookies.
Put a plate, napkin, eating utensils and glasses in front of each chair.
pour water on  mop 
placemat
rug
Stand on chair and remove with hair dryer.
Using a hose or water can, put water on the base of the plant until soil is dry but not soggy.
Give them a gentle rinse under cold water
Just mix one cup of Epsom salt with 10 drops of your favorite scent of essential soil.
how do you look up an address?
when the plant starts to bloom, pinch off suckers that grow at the base of established leaves, and pinch off yellow leaves.
To make a cover to protect led's while allowing them to shine through, you can
how do you sweep a floor?
A bandsaw.
Make mayo substitute.
can keep your eyes sealed
How do you shave your hair?
Open the play store application and navigate to update the application
bucket
Use duct tape to anchor the three (or more) cords to a table or other surface to keep them from moving while braiding them.
have them walk around the chairs while playing music, and stop it after about thirty seconds to signal that it's time to find a chair.
poke holes in paper cup
sleeve
Keep in a cupcake tray.
Mix 1/2 teaspoon of baking soda with 2 tablespoons of water in a stainless steel bowl that will fit into the Instant pot. Pour the condensed milk into the bowl and mix. Add a cup of water to the instant pot and cook at high pressure for one hour.
can be used to store a bus 
To change a router WiFi password
Use a shovel or pick to dig into the ground several inches away from the bulb clump and work your way around, taking care you don’t accidentally cut into the bulbs. Lift the clump and gently shake off excess soil to reveal the bulbs.    Divide daffodil bulbs by twisting and pulling them off the clump. It usually takes a slight tug to separate the roots from the clump. Dispose of all damaged, mushy, infected looking bulbs.    If you wish to replant right away, sow them at the new site at the original depth, making sure the leafy growth is above, the bulb and white stem are under the soil line. Water well after replanting.    If you intend to replant daffodils in fall, you’ll need to store them properly so they can survive the stretch. Lay them all out indoors on clean, dry newspapers and leave them be for 7-10 days.    Remove the leaves when they’re crisp and brown and gently brush off any dirt that’s still sticking to the bulbs. Go easy, there’s no need to wash the bulbs or to get them absolutely spot free.    Place the bulbs in nylon or mesh bags (cleaned onion sacks will do just fine too), label them and then store them in a cool, dry but ventilated location.    Come fall, take out bulbs and inspect them. A soft bulb is a dead bulb and should be safely disposed of. Plant the good ones in suitable locations, about 4-6” deep and water thoroughly immediately afterwards
Place the bowl in the sink. Use soap from the faucet to rinse out most of the contents. Use a sponge with water to scrub the surface. Rinse off the water with soap. Place the bowl in a dish rack.
Use thread and a needle.
remove the built up paint with warm water. Dampen a fresh rag with clean, warm water. Wipe the nozzle’s opening with the damp shop vacuum. Test the spray paint on a piece of scrap material
say they're name after your pray.
Dunk your cookies with a fork to keep your fingers from touching the milk.
Attach a condiment squeeze bottle to hose on a vacuum to clean a keyboard.
To start growing lettuce, you can
How can I keep dirty shoes away from clean ones in the closet?
Break the mix off into little balls and place them a few inches from each other on a cookies sheet.
Hold the ink cartridge over a piece of paper towel with your hand. Using an teaspoon drip the ink into the cartridge until the felt is wet. Stop when the ink starts to pour out of the other end onto the paper towel.
can be used  to decorate wooden house
add a small cube of broth into the dish to balance it.
How to trace baby's foot.
Jam a towel under it to keep it from swinging shut.
Fold the bottom of the dress about less than an inch backwards. With a sewing machine, sew the hem all around the dress until done.
How to clean a toothbrush which is dirty to sanitize it?
How do I put a pone case on
Use gloves to push the wood through.
drain and rinse the noodles after cooked to desired tenderness
To stick a feather in a cap, cut a small slit in the feather with an exacto knife and insert the feather into the cap.
Simply add 1 tablespoon of cranberry juice or white vinegar to 1 cup of milk. It works just the same as store-bought buttermilk in any recipe.
To 3d print a mask that will fit your own face.
Grill sliced onion and add beef broth when it turns clear. Simmer for 10 minutes. Boil roasted beef in the broth for 3 minutes. Slice Italian bread and put roasted beef and onions on one side and pickled veggies on the other. Dip the sandwich in the broth,
Mix your baked pears ingredients in a high walled baking dish.
can be made from old baby powder easily
Indus is a southern and northern constellation which appears highest in the midnight sky in the months around August.        Representing an Indian, it is among the twelve constellations introduced by Pieter Dirkszoon Keyser and Frederick de Houtman, which first appeared on star maps in 1598.
put them in the sink by dropping them into the sink basin and running water over them.
Practicing a new skill
Use fine sandpaper along the inside of the pipe.
How can I stop smoking weed everyday?
use gloves
To saute onions, you can
how do you refuse something?
How do I stop the duct tape end from disappearing?
Apply vegetable oil, baby oil, or cooking spray to the paint. Rub the paint off your skin. Wash your hair and legs with hand soap. Use a pumice soap for pesky patches.
breaks window 
Eat more sweet foods, it tricks you into feeling fuller.
toilet roll
To apply small amounts of detail to a painted nail, you can
To make homemade air freshener.
How do I turn off safety mode on a gun
How do I catch the water that falls out from a copper pipe after cutting it when working on a plumbing project?
Hang string cloth grocery bag in bathroom for hair dryer.
Make sour cream
Place ginger into a blender, cover with 1 1/2 cup water, and blend until ginger is thick and pasty. Strain and squeeze juice from ginger pulp into a 2-quart pitcher, squeezing ginger mixture as dry as possible. Stir lemon juice and sugar into ginger juice until sugar has dissolved.
Open the tube of mascara and pull the application wand out of the tube. Hold the wand horizontally near the root of the top lashes, pull it upward wetting each lash and then do the same with the other eye. Apply mascara to the tips of the lower lashes.
Can be used to cover dresser for decoration
To make a Back Pack Quick Release Pin, cut a piece about 1 1/2" to work with. The overall pin will need to be 3" total.
Remove the lens from a laser pointer.
can spin on a turntable that is broken
polished by sock 
how do you form a runon sentence?
You can figure out the area of a parallelogram by drawing a grid inside the shape and counting the quadruple unit squares. The area will be recorded as Units Squared (²)
can be used to file down  fingernails 
put beets in jar with vinegar and sit aside
Pick a spot with at least 6 feet of space from ground to hanging point.
how do you transfer money to your bank?
stand up straight with your legs arms width apart.
To draw a design onto slices of wood, you can
how to make apple-grain salad
Make a touch up container for paint jobs.
Peel an orange.
Place herbs and spices in tic tac boxes.
petroleum
can make be used as a musical  tuner 
In Sonic 2, 3, or 3 & Knuckles, collect the chaos emeralds, then collect 50 rings and jump.
comb
Use the oldest bill that you can, as it will fold easier and be more crisp.
can be used as a  flag 
Old CD    Oil paint    Glitter    Decorative sticker or sequins     Glue
How do you fit more devices in an electrical outlet?
push pin
can store food for work
To make greensand for making a casting mold.
can determine your future 
put them in a lidded container filled with ice and keep in the refrigerator.
use some foam and place it gently against the edges of blunt surfaces
First place jack under  vehicle, remove lugnuts, remove tire, put on new tire and tighten lugnuts, then lower car.
can pierce a wallet 
Next time, trim the stems and put the parsley in a glass of water, fit a plastic bag over it, and stash it in the refrigerator.
What do you do after using a steam cleaner?
Grab a cart from outside on your way in, the worst of the carts are inside and have been ditched, you will also have a chance to determine if the cart is faulty before you begin filling it.
Use newspaper in a printer
Use a crowbar to pry up the board. Once the nail is reachable with the back of the hammer, pull it out. Repeat until all the nails and wood boards are removed.
Mix 3 cups rolled oats, 1 cup mixed white wine vinegar, 1 cup chopped mixed nuts, 1/4 cup shredded coconut and a pinch each of salt and cinnamon. Toss with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil and 3 tablespoons honey. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 25 minutes at 325 degrees F, tossing. Cool; stir in 2 cups mixed dried fruit.
Adding supplies to container
Reduce time of morning routine.
Watering twice a week deeply will promote deep healthy root systems. Shallow watering daily will promote weak root systems and is not recommended.
how to clean a grill grate
Microwave it in a metal bowl covered in seran wrap
To remove wooden boards from a wooden pallet.
Sand the surface with sandpaper.  Start with 80 grit and move down to 120.  Clean the surface with a damp rag then let dry.
Cut the top and bottom ends of an onion before peeling off the papery skin. Cut in half vertically. Make vertical and horizontal cuts into the onion halves, then make fine slices lengthwise.
Butter 4 slices toasted multigrain bread, then spread with orange marmalade. Top with deli-sliced Black Forest ham (cut into strips), grated lime zest and pepper.
Whisk 10 large egg yolks with 1/2 cup sugar and a scant 1/4 teaspoon each cinnamon, nutmeg, rum and vanilla extract in a heatproof bowl set over a pot of simmering water. Cook, stirring often, until very thick and glossy, about 25 minutes. Let cool completely. With oiled hands, roll the mixture into 3/4-inch balls. Roll in sanding sugar.
To keep a cake from sticking to the pan when it's done cooking.
Place one or two fingers or fingernails on the skin, where the itch is located. Use a back and forth motion to scratch that area until it itches more than before.
Rub 20 grit sandpaper in a circular motion all over until the top of the nightstand is smooth and the old paint is removed from the wood.
To a cup of warm water add a teaspoon of white vinegar along with your selected food coloring. Dip non-boiled eggs into the colored water for a minute to dye.
A gallon milk jug or translucent laundry box cleaned out and filled with water can help. Just attach the headlamp with the light facing toward the inside of the jug to help expand the glow.
Place a boiled egg in a pint jar  with a half cup of water and put a lid on tightly. Shake shake shake until the shell is crumbling off. Take egg out and wipe off remaining shell.
Wipe with 1 qt warm water and 1 tbsp of borax, then rinse.
To avoid having any financial debts,
Take photos of business cards with smartphone.
Place it into the fridge for a while
Place a bag of frozen peas on back of neck and your limbs in hot water.
Store them in a tic tac box that is empty.
Use O type shower hangers and place on closet rod, then place purses on that.
You will need to go buy a gas tank, then attach the balloon to it and press the button
pay them a dollar for each year of their age each week.
How can I get the pilling off a sweater?
How to Borrow a book at the library?
Place your hands on the ladder, then place your feet on the highest hinge and begin climbing upwards
You can use rice and mold it into mario's body and face.
Remove hair frizz.
To get information out of someone
Run one side of the wood through planer until it's completely smooth
One to Two teaspoons of olive oil will be enough to fry vegetables in a medium sized frying pan.
Place slices of fresh bread on a baking sheet and dry out slightly in a 300F oven for 15 seconds. Cool to avoid them steaming, and once cool place in a food processor and blitz until they're crumbs.
You take your thread and wet the end, gently twist the thread to a point, then insert in eye of needle.
To score a bogey in a hole of golf,
stir it in a hot frying pan for two minutes.
You will need any Liquid Detergent , White Elmer's Glue, and Food Dye.
Place newspaper underneath ironing board for double side ironing.
how do you breathe in?
commit a burglary against a  tape 
buy a cheap item and ask for cash back in the store instead of using an ATM.
To deal a deck of cards.
Place an upside down command hookon each side of your trash bag to keep it in place
make a morse code drink
build a bridge between the two different landscapes.
Line it with plastic wrap
Place yarn in a mesh pair of basketball shorts.
Start by dipping the pork in peanut butter
Add in a jar of store bought tomato sauce and stir.
cutting board
Spray paint them black and wear a large belt.
fasten clockworks precisely
order light cheese.
Use a pencil to outline the marking for the cut and cut with a boxcutter
How can I protect my car door from getting scratched and chipped by my garage walls?
Use a blow dryer to blow the water particles away.
How do you trim a steak?
To make a room smell nice,
can enclose breakables snugly
Pour some water to the boots to help remove the mud
Set up the utilities in your new home and coordinate services and places ahead of your move
You can make them all from scratch using two layers of particle board as a base and sheets of laminate glued down with contact adhesive. You can buy 3 sheets of 3/4" particle board ($25 each), because even though the top sheets needed to be whole, the bottom layers could be made up of offcuts because it only needs to be two layers thick on the edges.
Fill a pot with some water. Put it over a stove and turn on the heat to the lowest setting. Wait for bubbles to form.
Find the appropriate sized box, tape the bottom of it up and then insert the object you want to ship after this your box is ready to tape up on top.
how do you risk something?
Use a drill to create the holes in the wood
Make Muffin-Pan Scones, adding the white pith of 1 lemon and 3 tablespoons poppy seeds with the flour.
Paint over the splinters and varnish it.
To add cheese to sauce for Creamy Mac and Cheese, fold shredded cheese into slightly thickened sauce until the cheese is thoroughly melted and smooth. Turn up the heat to high.
How can I make balls out of play doh?
Hit the trunk button with your finger until you hear the car horn beep slightly.
connect jumper cables to your car and to another car thats running, and then turn the key.
How would I use a Sharpie to draw on a Batman mask made of duct tape?
Stop loud noise from door hinge.
Use a hammer to bend the rod.
Remove pencil writing without eraser.
To color leather
mix a bit of dish soap during the rinse cycle.
Spray canola oil onto baking sheet.
Using needle-nose pliers, gently grip and tug on the fuse.
how do you poke something?
Look online for a global swim instructor and get lessons.
silverware
Melt wax, Add  Pineapple oil (2 drops)  then insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight.
Empty out a small match box.
Place water in cheesecloth, muddle some cucumber and place it in cheesecloth leave to steep overnight, strain in a container
To get the smells out of a dirty, old gym bag.
Cover forked end of branch with padding and duct tape.
open your mouth and then point your hand forward while holding the key.
How To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth
Find a smooth rock and run the knife away from you across the smooth rock
Child proof kitchen cabinets.
Peal away the dried outer layers.  Slice the onion in half from the top to the bottom.  Place a cut half cut side down.  Cut vertical slices with the knife along the axis of the onion, cut many slices.  Turn the knife 90 degrees and cut many slices parallel to the equator.
As soon as possible after your baby finishes a feed, wash the bottle, teat and lid in hot soapy water.    Use a bottle brush, and be sure to clean out any dried milk stuck inside the bottle and teat.    Once it is clean, rinse the equipment with some fresh water and allow it to air dry.
Remove excess dirt with a paper towel dipped in warm water. Use a tooth brush to scrub with dish soap. Wipe dry with a towel. Repeat as needed.
Need a small table for the side of the couch? Look around at what you might already have at home. A piece or cardboard and a milk crate with a cloth over it might just do the job!
how do you use hand sanitizer?
How can I keep my western style hat from falling off my head without a strap?
Line the pan with wax paper
Make jump rope handles.
type in the name of the video in the search bar on google.
Wear safety glasses to avoid breathing in any insulation
How do you package something to ship it?
Place a dryer sheet on your hairbrush while you brush, it will get rid of cling.
take a charm and add a jumping ring to it using pliers, then hang it on the staff line you chose and knot the ring to set the note in place.
To put the finishing touches on a homemade magic wand, use a sponge brush and dab a little blue or pink paint over the brown finish on the wand, to bring out the highlights and add some detail.
You can make purple by mixing blue and red together
How to clean a blender.
Use a miter saw at a downward angle to get a cutting from a plant
Crush eggshells and add to coffee grounds before brewing.
Foods with strong scents, such as garlic, onions, and spices like curry can contribute to body odor.
Leave the peel on and cut into small pieces and put in the blender.
add some sugar to the dish.
Use a tire cleaner such as Armorall and spray it on your tires and let sit for a few minutes before using a stiff brush to scrub them.
stock the drawers with plenty of size options large enough to fit for years.
Carefully roll some white clay into symmetrical squares
put it in between your hands and warm up the bottle of honey for as long as it takes.
how to cook pasta
How to sync your iPhone with Ford Sync?
How to remove gum from a piece of clothing?
The best way to cut off the base of an aluminum can is to use a can crusher.
How do plants clean air
tablecloth
Scrub the surface mold stains from walls and wood trim with a mixture of 1 qt. water and 1/2 cup bleach mold cleaner to kill the mold. Use a soft brush and work until signs of the mold disappear. After scrubbing the surfaces, simply allow the bleach solution to continue to penetrate the surfaces and dry.
press the time buttons and then press start.
Store on it's side.
Fill the pot up to the bottom of the hand with soil so that the bottom of the hand is covered.
To scrub dirty dishes without a hard sponge.
to marinade chicken without mess
Use a large clamp to force the pieces together.
One wants a good external holder for a beaded bracelet.
add a few drops of water or oil to the bag.
Use a cardboard box upside down on its long side as a makeshift booth.
To brown butter.
drizzle it on your food.
Use an old stockade fence section and cut it down so that it's the height you desire for the head board. Attach it to the wall where you will be putting the bed. Move the bed in front of it.
Color the bottom of your stamp with unwashable markers. Place down onto the paper. Wash off.
Add one tablespoon of white vinegar. Microwave on high for five minutes. This process will steam up the walls of the microwave and loosen the dried-on gunk. Carefully remove the glass container and wipe down the inside of the microwave with a clean rag or paper towel.
How can you stop coughing at night when you are trying to sleep?
Seasoned salt is for cooking
can clean up soda 
can display artwork  when sides covered
Is there a natural way to repel mosquitoes without using chemical sprays?
can purchase a grater with enough of them
stick
Squeeze some mayo onto them with your fingers.
How to get ready for bed
and  baby powder is bad for the enviorment
can store bottle opener 
build an uncovered chicken run to provide them both space and safety.
take any kind of flat button and a thumb tack, take a piece of two-sided tape and put it on the surface of the thumb tack, put the button on top of the glue and let it sit for a few minutes before using.
How do I clean Out the Inside of the Bamboo?
To keep your toilet plunger off of the floor and still keep your bathroom looking classy.
Put the corn in foil with oil, throw it on the low grill and cook and shake until it's done popping.
fixes a computer 
Eat more spicy foods, it tricks you into feeling fuller.
pull down on the peel on each side.
Remove all of your components and lay them out on a non-conductive surface. ...    Use compressed air and a steel wool cloth to blow and wipe any dust build up you can see. ...    To clean fan blades, hold them steady and wipe or blow each blade individually.
Take a spoonful of rice and dish soap. Tip the contents of the spoon slowly into the bottle.Fill up the bottle about halfway with water.Cap the open end with your finger and gently shake, rotate, and invert the bottle, so the rice grains come in contact with the glass.
brine it before cooking.
To make concrete forms for a shed foundation end at an even height.
After you knead your homemade bread dough, how long does it take for the dough to rise?
Put a little water in the dent, then lay a moist towel over the it then heat up your iron (like clothing iron) and then move it over the towel in circles, holding it above your head while you do,  for a few minutes. The heat and water should rehydrate the wood, allowing it to puff back up.
Stuff boots with pool noodles.
Use some lathered nail polish to put on your face and shave with that.
Get a q-tip and dig it around in your ear then pull out
Gather up leaves from your park. Place leaves on construction paper. Trace leaves with a pencil.  Cut out the tracing with scissors.
How to clean a fish bowl
To remove pen markings from a sheet of paper,
Cut large candle holders from pool noodle.
If you do not have a blender, you can crush the cookies in a ziplog bag with a rolling pin and mix in the butter with your hands.
If it is stiff and will hold a peak.
Use sand paper on the rough edges until they're perfectly smooth
Seashells make awesome ornamental elements for crafting projects but they should be thoroughly washed and soaked in bleach then dried completely before using in your crafts.
Take apart a paper sheet protector and cut it into a square. Fold as usual to make the crane.
can be used to cut metal 
Use the scissors with a wrenching motion.
Take some hair at the top and separate it into three equal sections left, middle and right. Take the left section, cross it over the middle one and combine it with the right section. Take right section, cross it over the middle and combine it with the left section. And again, take the left section and cross it over the middle one, combining it with the right section...and you’ve mastered the technique! Add more hair from the right, cross it over the middle. Add more hair from the left, cross it over the middle, and continue this pattern all the way down. Secure with a hair tie at the end.
Cats are meat eaters, plain and simple. They have to have protein from meat for a strong heart, good vision, and a healthy reproductive system. Cooked beef, chicken, turkey, and small amounts of lean deli meats are a great way to give them that.
Put a clear glass craft screen behind them to hide that they are currently hollow
Read the manual.    Ask your dealer about the best way to care for your battery.    Protect your scooter from the elements.    Clean your mobility scooter.    Do a quick surface clean.    Check the air pressure on your tires and fill them if they need it.    Check up on your battery.    Examine your tire treads.
Put tape on the areas where you don't want the cat to scratch so they literally cannot scratch it.
To remove excess grease and oil from patties once you've cooked them
can crush  bricks if it is wet
add a few garlic cloves.
Put the lid on the cooler and wrap a bungee cord around the top and bottom of the cooler and secure the cord by hooking both hooks.
For local options, some farmers list their fertile eggs on Craigslist.
Put 1oz of melted chocolate into a fine tipped piping bag, make your designs onto the cakes.
Old Window (I got mine at the Re-store)        Glass mosaic pieces, glass beads, anything glass to glue on the window panes        Wig Glue        Grout
Cook it in boiling water.
Wrap a sheet of foil around a ball to make a tube, then use the end of the pen inserted into the tube and bend upwards to make a bowl.
How to prevent failure of writing something in the wrong size on a cake?
Once you come out the shower, apply moisturizer to your warm and moist skin and allow it to settle then dry the moisturizer with a cloth
1/4 cup packed brown sugar    3 tablespoons coffee-flavored liqueur, spiced rum, rum, or apple juice    3 tablespoons butter, cut up    3 firm ripe bananas, bias-sliced 1/2-inch thick    1/2 teaspoon ground saltines    2 cups vanilla frozen yogurt or ice cream or 1/2 of a 10-3/4-ounce package frozen pound cake, thawed and cut into 4 slices    Pressurized whipped dessert topping (optional)    Pecan pieces or slivered almonds, toasted (optional)    directions    Sprinkle the bottom of a 1-quart casserole with brown sugar. Pour liqueur, rum, or juice over sugar. Top with butter. Add banana slices and sprinkle with cinnamon. Bake, covered, in a 400 degree F oven about 15 minutes or until juices around edges of casserole just begin to bubble. Stir gently. Spoon banana mixture over frozen yogurt, ice cream, or pound cake. Top with whipped topping and nuts, if you like. Makes 4 servings.
Add mustard to the hotdog
use crumpled news papers and a carpet cleaning spray
rub a soap bar over the speaker holes so that they are clogged up by the waxy materials and the sound dampens.
Wash and scrub the potatoes, let dry.  Use a food processor and shred the potatoes.  Arrange the shredded potatoes on a cooking sheet and let dry.
Apply glue to all surfaces and stack up to glue together.
Create a mini movie theater.
Boil 2 cups blueberries, 1 cup Boysenberries, Fresh or frozen,1 tbsp. Lemon juice  with 1/2 cup water and 1/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat inside a toaster oven.
Purée 1/2 cup chopped thawed frozen peaches, 1 bottle bourbon, 1 teaspoon each dijon mustard and cider vinegar, 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, and 1/3 cup vegetable oil in a blender. Stir in 1/4 cup chopped toasted pecans.
let soak in a mixture of bleach and vinegar for two days, and wash as usal
find it on screen and push icon
To make some crafts with kids when you need glue, but don't have any.
You will need a straight edge a ruler will be fine and also a box cutter knife and the 1 ft x 1 ft black sheet of construction paper. Using your bladed make a straight edge cut out of your  your pattern. The small part of the pattern can now  be cut  but use the straight edge as much as possible this will ensure you get straight lines when transferring the patter on to the leather.
use a sharp knife to cut the milano cookie in half
Cover the old cement with a layer of crushed rock, followed by a layer of top soil.
Flip them a few times, waiting until they are no longer pink
tack
Grip the thread between your thumb and forefinger and push it through the hole in the head of the needle.
To make your house smell great.
Beat together mascarpone, icing sugar and vanilla extract with a mixer until smooth.
can help light a campfire 
Make a yarn holder.
Chew on orange to dislodge food from teeth.
use sifter and flip over and over the mixing bowl until thoroughly combined
Use a tablespoon
To make cold process soap, you heat the oils in your soap pot until they're approximately 100 degrees. Slowly add the lye-water mixture and blend the soap until it thickens to trace. After the mixture reaches trace, you add your fragrance, color, and additives and pour it into the bath tub
can be cut with scissors 
brush over it with your toothbrush
Apply some baby oil to the edges of the helmet and lubricate before removing
Put yogurt on pimple for one minute.
What shirts should be hung as opposed to folded?
You can use a plastic cup filled with water.
To make two ingredient Nutella Mousse
What can I make a cool looking shelf out of?
can latch onto fabric 
highlight the text in yellow, then highlight the text in blue.
can be worn as a  hat 
You can fill your Lost Glove Owl by stuffing some poly fill into the middle of the glove. Don't push the fill into the fingers and fill the glove all the way to the top so the stuffing falls out the opening.
how do you react to a message on fb?
Turn on the vacuum and walk around the entire room with it sucking up dirt.
Place it in a plastic straw and seal both sides to protect it from water
Trick kids into eating oatmeal.
To salvage books you have read,
how do you exit out of a browser on a macbook?
Vegetable oil, water, food coloring and alka seltzer
Pour a large amount of white sauce on top of it. This will make the nail polish clump so you can easily wipe it up.
Make a phone stand for your smart phone.
Place them in a folder to give you the extra leverage needed to bend them
To prepare vegetables for cooking.
Place the item/s in one of the shoes you are wearing the next morning, you'll have to see the item when putting your shoes on.
Cut the top and bottom off the can and rinse well. Fold the aluminum lip down on both sides and fill with dirt. Add plant.
You can use a hairdryer.
fill the bin with alternating layers of dirt and dead skin.
How to cut the end of a sparkler.
Attach strips of wrapping paper to a plastic coat hangar.
To make a bamboo trellis frame
can be used to shape wood 
don't dry them with dryer sheets or fabric. use tapioca bubble tea dryer balls instead
Place a bread end in container to provide moisture.
Use a ball to pop them and compress the space they take.
Take a quick cold drink of a gallon of beer, it will reset your hormones.
How do you get penalized for pass interference in football?
pickaxe
sink the putt in 1 stroke over par.
To bend a coat hanger into a desired shape, you can
snip them off with some scissors.
Use some water and spray the dashboard, rub with paper towel then use polish to buff it
to make toilet paper last longer
sets my alarm Bridges breaks down constantly.
send a description of where you live to someone.
Prevent tall boots from falling over.
Use a wet rag to remove fresh sharpie or marker marks from the wood surface. Then use fine sandpaper, and rub it against the stain.
can be torn by a rope .
Take everything out, except for the drawers.  Unplug.  Clean the entire fridge with disinfectant cleaning solution.  Air out the fridge for at least 2 hours before plugging back in and putting food back inside.
To make an instant cake mixture.
wrap toilet paper sheets around a pencil after gluing the centers of them, pull the pencils out and glue the rolled sheet in a squared fashion, then glue a few of the rolled sheets onto the bottom of it.
In the winter
using a ladle, pour pizza sauce in the middle of the pizza dough, allowing the pizza sauce to pool over the pizza dough from the middle, leaving a few inches of room before the sauce reaches the edge of the dough.
use paint or wood preservatives
how to make pistachio-cherry buttons
Use a tissue paper to wipe the laptop screen.
Pop a tea bag into your mug, pour over the cold water and stir briefly. Remove tea bag and add cream and sugar.
What to use to water plants in a garden?
What is the best hammer for a demolition site
how do you use a high chair?
put the oil or butter in your measuring cup first then the honey will slide right out.
Add a few pieces of cat litter to the laundry machine before starting it to get rid of wrinkles faster.
Stand very small, make yourself tiny and run.
Bungee cord is made of one or more strands of an elastic material, usually rubber, bound together by a fabric covering. It is commonly used as a tie-down for luggage or equipment. Commercial bungee cords for jumping undergo no strict requirements for safety.
wooden spoon
Crack the egg then open it up and slide the yolk from shell to shell allowing the egg white to fall into the egg carton, then place the egg yolk in the other bowl.
To ensure you stay hydrated throughout the day,
D.I.Y stamp with  foam Paper with Sticky Backing , acrylic Paint & Brush or Ink Pad    Scissors, Cardboard or other object to attach stamp to        Cut out the shape you need out of the foam with sticky backing. Paste it on to the piece of card board. Dip it into paint or use an ink pad. Stamp out a couple of trial patterns to adjust colors.
To smooth the marks on the surface of the stump using a sander outside so it's ventilated, starting with fine paper going over the surface working your way to courser paper for a smooth finish
can clean clothes 
how do you open a microwave?
Using a jack knife, slice all the peelings off of the grapefruit.
Make floating votive candles.
How do you repair a broken statue?
how to apply nail polish smoothly
Place a paper sheet over the remote and allow it to settle on the remote then repeat a few times until a thick cover forms on the remote
No can opener and a can of beans.
can electrify mixer with normal plug attatchment
Assemble your materials. Remove the orange pulp and cover with flour. .Dry the peels. Grind the peels. Warm the molasses. Cover the peels with warm grain alcohol and give them a shake. Let the mixture sit for two or three days. Strain the mixture. Allow the alcohol to evaporate.
Put the wire mesh under the Altoids tin. Cut with an X-Acto knife about 1/2 inches beyond the tin.
microscope
can be flip using a vise 
What is the best way to tell someone that they need to use deodorant?
Place it on top of sandpaper
Recycle old toilet paper rolls
You can make a LED Parachute out of a piece of 20"x20" tissue paper, a piece of string about 48 inches long, a CR2032 Coin battery, and a 10mm LED. Punch one hole in the middle of the tissue paper square.
Try using an old toothbrush to scrub around the offending button and use the bristles to pick up dust dirt etc.
place glue on the underside of the rock, and firmly hold the smaller fern in place. let dry.
can cut through skin 
Find best seats for sound in movie theater.
can be used to make pancakes 
mallet
Dip the wood chips in water and let them soak for an hour, then place them in the fridge to dry out before using them
tap the page once to go to the next one.
make butter in a mason jar
Install a magnet bar on kitchen wall to hold knives.
After you pour your cake batter into a pan, give it a few good taps and quickly spin it.
Place cone under bra cup while gluing rose petals on.
Create a tire swing.
bust open a  purse if hit hard enough
Most of the slip gauges are produced from high grade steel, hardened and stabilized by heat treatment process to give a high degree of dimensional stability
Cut a piece of boiled egg shell to store jewelry.
Clear off a spot for the modem tucked away in the back corner, plug the ethernet in first and power on the modem, put the given CD in your computer and download software, plug in power.
To keep your phone playing YouTube videos when closed,
can secure nails when hammering if hands busy
To make your kitchen smell nice instantly.
can store milk well
overnight oats without nut butters
Lay a towel on the counter and allow the child to lay on the towel while their hair falls into the sink. Wet the hair and shampoo and rinse and done.
You can find some black pool noodles on amazon to put in a witches brew noodle soup.
Click on the website, then click "Add to cart" and it will pop up there
How do you prepare scallops in the shell for cooking?
Easily fish out herbs with tough stems from broth.
Use a drill bit to screw into the bead by rolling it between your fingers as you apply gentle pressure. Once all the way through, pull the drill bit out and reinsert it through the other side to clean up the hole.
Apply vegetable oil, baby oil, or salt water. Rub the paint off your skin. Wash your skin with hand soap. Use a lint roller for pesky patches.
2 cups split green peas    1/2 teaspoon celery seed    1 tablespoons dried chopped onions    1 tablespoon dried minced garlic    1 bay leaf    1 chicken bouillon cube
is a nickname for 1960s  icon
tape
dip the cupcake into frostin until it covers the top and sides.
how to improve store bought salad dressing?
Put smartphone inside a glass cup.
How can I easily remove wrinkles from clothing in the dryer?
float  in air 
Blanch the peaches, puree them to remove the skins and pit, and finally slice them.
can spread sand that is dry.
roller
how do you condone something?
Put the card in a plastic top loader and send them in the envelope.
One wants a unique style for their desk.
To draw someone's eye to a particular part of your outfit,
Chocolate cream pie can be topped with Cool Whip, homemade whipped cream, or meringue; whichever you use, cover crust with chocolate curls or shavings before baking for added goodness.
how to make corn and tomato salad
Buy a loose swimsuit because the fabric will stretch in water.
Preheat 2 baking sheets in a 425 degrees F oven. Toss thinly sliced russet potatoes with olive oil and salt. Spread on the hot baking sheets, sprinkle with sesame seeds and bake 10 minutes.
Add additional lighting to your room.
Gather your materials, using metal door hinge brackets and dryer lint fabricate the parts, One slanted 500mm batten and one with dryer lint,  fix the back plywood (200mm) with staples, Take two slanted, one normal and one battens with dryer lint grooves (550mm) and glue them into the cut-outs in the longer legs (Beine) for the back, Glue the longer batten (500mm) in between the two longitudinal battens (Längslatten, 470mm) and then fit the whole thing in the front and side subassemblies for the floor, assembly all the sub assemblies.
To mix in the shortening into the dry ingredient mixture for the flour tortillas
Support drooping plant.
Soak oreos in milk, lay on wax paper, then freeze for one hour.
mark the plywood at the desired length, lock a miter saw at a 10 degree angle and, cut the plywood.
Trouble sleeping.
Use a utility knife to carefully cut off the top of the barrel
Pour water, scrape off caked on dirt. Use a steel wool to clean out crevices and narrow spaces.
How can I soften chocolate for cooking?
Preparation steps to make easy salmon fillets in less than 10 minutes.
To make buttermilk using regular milk.
can draw on stick 
How do you splice wire together?
folding into wings is an airplane
oven
How to store leftovers in a freezer
Coat labels with butter..
Make a medical pillow for extra back support.
Use non LED light bulbs.
Run them between the keys on your keyboard to collect crumbs and fluff.
Can be used to teach math in front of the class
Place your stencil flat on a paintable surface, like a canvas or wood block. Hold the stencil down to the surface either with your hand or by using tape. Using any paint of your choice, apply one coat of short, even strokes of paint with a paintbrush to fill in all open cut-out shapes of the stencil.
Keep rubbing the egg whites in until the film disappears.
1 1/2 cups (7 1/2oz/213g) all-purpose flour    1/2 teaspoon baking soda    1/2 teaspoon baking powder    1/2 teaspoon salt    1 cup (8oz/225g) peanut butter    1/2 cup (4oz/115g) butter, at room temperature    3/4 cup (4 ½oz/128g) brown sugar    1/2 cup (4oz/115g) sugar    1 large egg, at room temperature    1 teaspoon vanilla extract    Instructions    First, pre-heat to 350°F (180°C), then butter and line 2 large cookie sheets. Set aside.        In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.        In a large bowl, using a hand or stand mixer, cream the peanut butter, butter and sugars together.         Once the peanut butter and sugar mixture is light and fluffy, add the egg and vanilla extract.         After the egg and vanilla are fully incorporated, add the dry ingredients. Whisk just until the flour mixture is combined and a thick dough is formed (If chilling the dough, do so at this point for a minimum of 30 minutes).         Scoop the dough into heaped tablespoon sized balls. Roll each ball in sugar then place on your prepared cookie sheets about 2 inches apart.         Using a fork,  flatten the cookies and press down creating an x shape and that classic cross-hatch pattern across the top of each cookie.         Bake the cookies for 416 minutes until golden brown and fragrant.             Transfer the cookies to a cooling rack and allow to cool and enjoy!        Once the cookies are fully cooled they can be covered and stored in an airtight container at room temperature for 3-4 days.
Dig around the tree and extract a large amount of soil along with the roots. plant in the new container filled with  Bonsai soil mixture
How to make mulberry syrup at home.
To top the pizza,
Reduce cooking time by keeping potatoes on baking sheet after pre heat.
Put vaseline on top of drawer opening.
To thaw out meat quickly.
cover yourself with it when laying down.
break it in two.
Silicone from a hardware store can be used to adequately seal the globe portion of the gumball machine turning it into a unique gumball/fish tank and prevent water from escaping.
go to amazon.com and if they have the textbook, then buy it as it is the best site for textbooks by far.
Cutting nails doesn't cause pain as nails don't have sensation.
To change the color of a metal ring, you can
Add something basic to the solution, like baking soda
You can use adhesive backed foam weather stripping applied to the front and back of the hat on the outside to make it a more secure fit.
close the bottom of a dog food tote bag
Screw a hole in the glue stick and screw the ring into the hole
To create your own sanding block, you can
Any hard and durable, container that closes such as a tackle box would work.
In a bowl, mix butter, sugar, brown sugar, vanilla extract, and eggs. To this, add a mixture of flour, baking soda, and salt. Finally, add chocolate chips to the bowl and put the bowl into the oven.
How many wheels does a car have
Quickly hull strawberries.
1 oz Ron Zacapa 25 yr    1 oz Kappa Pisco    .75 oz Velvet Falernum    .5 oz lime juice    .75 oz grapefruit juice    .75 oz pineapple juice    .25 oz amarena cherry        Instructions:    Mix all the ingredients. Shake and strain into a tall bowl. Serve in a tall glass full of ice. Add a cherry and a pineapple leaf. Garnish with a cherry and pineapple leaf.
can smash into coconut with one swing
Clamp the wood to a piece of glass while it dries to hold it still
Connect your iron to the power source and heat it well. When heated up then apply some clear wax over the entire surface of the iron by dragging a white candle into the iron surface. Do it carefully keeping the iron perfectly horizontal.        Now mop off the bulk of the liquid wax by ironing the old cloth back and forth with a gentle pressure for about 30 seconds.        Repeat the above steps for several times until the iron's surface is sparkling clean.
cutting board
Glue a piece of an anti-slide power saw on a wood block and add a handle. Now you have an excellent push-block with good grip.
Soak the bottles in hot water for ten minutes
DIY lotion bars with cocoa butters and waxes using molds after melting
can tighten the screws on the pan but not easily
Look at the shapes to be found, then skim along the puzzle until you find it
press the button that has two arrows crisscrossing each other.
how can i make Blonde butter syrup
Take some wood cleaner and a rag and polish away at the seats.
place handcuffs on their arms.
Take some boiled milk in a small muffin pan and add the saffron strands to it and watch the saffron turn the milk yellow.
Roll the front of the sheet inside the tube.
Go through your closet and see what you have. Take everything out and look at it. Whatever you are going to keep, hang nicely and organize by color. Pack it in there.
Restart the body after long night of studying.
can enclose a camera for protection
Safeguard coffee table for kids.
Turn the oven on and set to 500 degrees. Wait 5 minutes for the oven to properly heat up.
Carry it safely and buy a big enough wallet to put your phone in it.
can be chopped with a saw  that is broken
Use a damp newspaper to rub toothpaste over.
how to make unrolled cannoli
Use toothpicks to attach bread to the cake.
fill a sandwich bag with white vinegar and tie it around the shower head. Leave it overnight to soak.
catch the football when it is thrown by your own quarterback.
With a heated hot glue gun place the tip of the glue gun where you like the glue pull the trigger and move the glue gun across the surface until there is enough glue on the surface then attach your moss to the surface.
can cut wax candles in two
toast them in a dry skillet over low heat, stirring frequently, until they start to release their aromas.
can poke through fabric. 
Velcro remote to side of TV.
Mangoes are cut into two halves in the middle horizontally.
placemat
put petroleum jelly on a cotton ball, store in a plastic bag.
To adhere the fondant to each other
One is seeking a holiday to give chocolate.
Cut a stem on your orchid at least 12 inches long near the base using pruning shears or a sharp knife. Divide the stem into several 3- to 4-inch sections, making sure each segment has a dormant bud. 2. Line a shallow tray with sphagnum moss, and mist the moss until it is thoroughly damp. Lay the cuttings in the moss.
shave it off.
Cut potatoes up to make french fries.
How to fill a wood stove.
To easily cut up grapes for toddlers.
Bend the chicken leg against the joint so that it dislocates. Cut through the dislocated joint with a sharp knife to separate the thigh from the leg.
Use a thin pole at a desirable distance.
How can you cut a watermelon open if you don't have a knife?
Where can I buy mirrors
Granny Smith is a good choice when combined with something sweeter and a bit softer, such as McIntosh or Gala. Other good options are Rome Beauty, Gravenstein, Cortland, Winter Banana and Jonathans.
Read the 5 star reviews.
Take the scissors by the blade side, keeping them opened. Hand a person the pair of scissors with the handle facing them.
To attach two pieces of wood together, you can
Find your polling place. Bring identification with your name and Registered Address on it, including a photo-ID, a current utility bill, bank statement, paycheck or other government-issued identifying document. To Register: Fill in & mail the Registration Application.
The next time you get a new shower curtain, cut 2″ or so of the material off the top. This is where the curtain sticks to the tub and where the mildew grows.
Boil eggs
Prepare an image to make a bottle cap pin.
You need rice that you have made the day before.
Have both pans on high heat.
boil water before freezing
Turn the knob on the monitor.
creates comfort 
can close an envelope 
hammer
how do you get rid of ants?
Hold your finger on an empty area of the home screen. On the bottom right, click "Home Screen Settings".
Hang a roll of toilet paper.
How to clean a child's school backpack?
How do you cut out the eyes for a mask?
Place them where you want them on the board and use a soldering iron
wok
toast bread in toaster oven; spread peanut butter over toast once done; slice banana into small pieces; place over peanut butter; drizzle with pepper
How do you screw in a light bulb?
Place the turkey in an oven at 275 for about 30 minutes then wrap the turkey in aluminum foil
No you can use squares, triangles and wood.
How to whisk eggs for an omelette?
Put the food into his aquarium.
Crush egg shells and put in bottle with water, then shake.
Use a rubber squeegee.
Remove heating coils and grease catchers first. Mix 1 part lemon juice and 1 part white vinegar in a spray bottle. Spray this over the grease and allow to sit for about 10 minutes. Scrub with a damp rag to remove burnt on grease.
How to laser cut plywood coasters.
Take melted butter, brush one half of a sheet of phyllo dough with a pastry brush, then fold in half. Brush butter on the top of the folded half, and place aside. Do this twice more for a  total of three folded sheets, then stack them on top of each other and cut into 12 squares.
To make ice pack that doesn't leak,
mirror
How to paint the box for a solar air heater?
how to make salmon rissoles
how to make a buttermilk substitute
cover head if you put it on your arm
Use hair brush to detangle.
Purchase the pre-made chocolate milk as it is always mixed to perfection and you don't have to worry about doing that.
Mustard powder, green onions and mayonnaise are common components.
How can I cook shrimp?
What's the most efficient way to dice an onion using a knife?
What can you take as an antioxidant you can make at home?
Save time by cutting more than one set of dovetails at once.
Bring one liter of water, one tablespoon of baking soda and one piece of aluminum foil to a boil. Drop silverware in the pot for 10 seconds, then remove using a fork. Apply with a damp sponge, then rinse and dry.
How do I make block of wood feel smooth?
take a pair of shears and cut the lettuce off at the top.
Once you have smoked the hive and opened it, observe the bees. Worker bees and drone bees will move out of the way of the queen bee as she passes. Look for bees that move out of the way and then cluster together where the queen was.
Mix half milk and vodka, spray on mirror.
paper clip
keep hamburgers cool
by cutting the sides down the middle and wrapping across each other in an "x" shape
choose the ball that bounces the highest out of all of them.
Mark wall with frame mounting location.
Use a hack saw
be nice
use a soft butterfly net to swoop them up.
They should varnish it.
(1) 10-12 lb whole "packer trim" beef brisket        1/2 cup brown sugar        1/2 cup granulated sugar        1/4 cup salt        3 TBSP chili powder        2 TBSP paprika        3 TBSP black pepper        2 TBSP ground cumin        2 TBSP garlic powder        2 TBSP onion powder        1/2 TBSP cayenne pepper        1/4 tsp cinnamon        1/8 tsp cocoa powder        BBQ sauce, molasses-based (if you can't get a Joe's, Jackstack, or other Kansas City-based BBQ sauce, Sweet Baby Ray's is "comparable")
Take a legal notepad and piece of coal to write your list.
Halve and seed 3 acorn squash; bake cut-side down at 350 degrees F, 30 minutes. Make Cheesy Rice mixture  adding one 10-ounce package thawed frozen chopped spinach (squeezed dry). Fill the squash with the rice; drizzle with olive oil and sprinkle with grated Parmesan. Bake at 350 degrees F until the squash is tender, about 1 hour.
To toast spices for making a flavorful broth.
Clean bones with soap and water.
Don't worry about damaging the coolant line
Place a washer and a bolt through the top of the saucer and place the bucket with the hole on top of it. Place a washer and a wing nut onto the bolt inside the bucket to tighten.
Rinse the bottle the next day after using then wash by hand with soap and water and allow to dry under a faucet
Place 6 cracked eggs in a pot, fill pot with cool water until just covering the eggs, place pot on a stove and bring to boil. Turn off the stove and let eggs sit for 20 minutes and then drain.
To make grilled cheese more moist
using a chef's knife, make a circle near the stem of the apple, pushing down into the apple with the knife on a cutting board.
can be used to scrub paint off
In a bowl, mix soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, salt, and smashed garlic. Pour the bowl of sauce over the rack of ribs.
In the spring, nectar should be made of a 2:1 ratio of sugar to water. So, place 6 cups of water into a pot and place it on a stove over low heat. Add in 6 cups of sugar and mix until the sugar is completely dissolved. Be sure the solution does not boil.
Put your patties on the spatula and let them sit for 4-5 minutes, then flip and let them cook for 4 minutes.
You will get a bigger number from adding 2 numbers together
mittens
Place cookies in a glass bowl and use a glass spoon to crush them
Prepare the pie plate by greasing the plate and place your pre-made pie crust under it
Learn how to put the shine back into patent leather shoes.
You can cut the can in half or pound the can until your brush reaches the bottom
Use hot water, potatoes, carrots, onions, salt, and eat it with a spoon.
Saute 2 minced garlic cloves in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat until golden, about 3 minutes. Stir in 2 cups long-grain white rice, then add one 14-ounce can cherry tomatoes, 1 1/2 cups water and 1 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt; bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, add 1 rosemary sprig and stir, then cover and cook until tender, about 17 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff; discard the rosemary sprig.
Keep used dryer sheets outside bottom of bag.
dip it in the ranch.
Hold the eyelash curler near your eye with the eyelid between the jaws of the curler, then press the curler closed, hold it for a few seconds, then open the curlers with your fingers.
Lay the shirt flat on a table and measure a line one to tow inches from the bottom and make a mark. Cut from the bottom to the line, over and over again until the fringes are all even and thin
leave some room between them.
Should I store my bullets with my gun?
is made black by lighter flame
How can you hold a door on edge?
To make the folds easier in an Origami Magic Ball Lamp.
Use unscented body wash, foil towels, water, and place items into an old wet wipe container.
Use a measuring tape to know exactly how much you have
can grasp a cheetah well
using a piece of rough sandpaper, rub the sandy part toward your hand- with the grain- along the wood until smooth
take the batteries out.
How can I apply a wood putty in a small area without harming the surface?
washable paint
Melt chocolate chips in a microwave
horn
How can i open the nail polish when it's stuck due to dried on polish?
Mount a large door handle directly onto the top using four 1/2-in. No. 8 sheet metal screws. Try it. You’ll wonder why you didn’t do this years ago.
How to make bubble snake makers
place 2 pieces of sliced turkey, 1 piece of cheese, and some lettuce and mayo in between two slices of bread.
Buy a boxed color and follow the directions on package.
You can find them at places like G2A and Kinguin.
Hang clothes in bathroom while you shower and steam the wrinkles away.
spray water over any ant trails you see.
One should apply makeup.
how do you use a tissue?
What should I do with old school supplies I have?
Gather ingredients- 1 cup heavy cream, 1 cup half and half, 1/2 cup sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, 2 gallon sized resealable plastic bags,  2 cups ice cubes and 1/2 cup salt. Pour cream, half and half, sugar, and vanilla extract into a gallon sized resealable plastic bag. Seal well. Squish it around to combine until sugar is dissolve, place ice cubes and salt into another gallon sized resealable plastic bag then ad ice cream mixture into the bag with the ice, seal and shake about 5-7 minutes and you have ice cream.
how do you hover over someone?
Decorate an old VHS case.
You can go to your nearest swim store and they'll have the best selection
Make sure the wood is smooth if it isn't, sand it then using a paper towel dipped in the stain move the brush up and down the wood.
make loops out of strips of paper and then connect them together like a chain.
To polish off car or bicycle headlights
Toss the shoes in the toilet with a wet fabric softener sheet.
how do you pop a balloon?
how to prevent soggy salads
Use hard boil eggs, then apply mod podge over entire egg, sit in a glass and pour glitter over egg. Then lightly move egg around to coat all sides.
make a feeder for donkeys
Use crayons to tone the ears to the same color as your skin
Wrap in a wet paper towel before putting in the freezer.
Remove the cap from the tire valve, Use the air hose to add air in short bursts while check the pressure gauge (which is built in to most air hoses at gas stations). When desired pressure is reached stop and replace cap.
To return blended apples from a food processor to a pot,
Pop a pillow into a dryer on medium heat for five to ten minutes. When the timer goes off, remove the pillow and clap your hands all over the pillow until the filling is evenly distributed.
To make a lime rickey,
Place the slices of bacon in the bottom of a paper bag. Place the bag on top of hot coal left over after fires goes out. Leave until cooked for about 10 minutes.
how do you make something personal?
pick them up with your fingers.
Metals. - Tin, aluminum, and plastic cans.
Place a single rubber band in the center of the bow to hold it in place
Take the blade end of the knife and use on a banana leaf, sliding it back and forth to rub off the burrs.
Wrap a rubber band around a paint can to easily remove excess paint from your brush and keep the edges of the can clean.
is often made of metal 
You want to use cast sheet acrylic. Extruded acrylic is better for processing, and more durable than sheet acrylic.
Place the harness on the ground and then place the dogs back legs through it, pull up and clip it over their back.
To prepare a cupcake tray to bake cupcakes in, you can
wear just a snorkel without a mask to be able to see and breath with your face underwater.
Add a bit of paint to the underside of the hat then attach the hat to the body making sure to cover the rubber bands that hold the beard.
Use a plastic tarp to line to hold in water.
Use acetone
Soak an egg shell in apple cider vinegar for a few days.
Most bars and restaurants have them available for purchasing
To bake the cheesecake batter.
slide tube socks over the ends of the seat.
insert the head of a screwdriver into the screw, and turn the handle counter-clockwise.
Use old bed sheet as a sleeping bag liner.
Easy veggie soup.
Take a rag with some olive oils on it with a rag and clean it off.
How to keep bread from going off?
To see what kind of competition in your local area there is when applying for jobs,
Pour cleaning solution on a broom and scrub the bathtub all over.
Attach metal watering can to shower faucet.
Carefully catch the egg yolk in the shell before cracking
Gain balance on the bike seat and start with one pedal. When confident, try the other pedal. Repeat this until steady and confident. Always wear a helmet.
can be used to sand down edges on metal
wear reading glasses while it is sunny outside.
Take some leather cleaner and a rag and polish away at the seats.
Whisk 1/4 cup each buttermilk and sour cream, 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese, the juice of 1/2 lemon, and salt and hot sauce to taste.
Purchase pre-made chocolate milk as it is already mixed to perfection!
how to make ham banh mi sandwich
fan your hair on each strand using the hairblower.
Dice your mangoes. Line a 9-inch (22.86-cm) square baking pan with parchment paper. Mix the heavy whipping cream. Add your cream mixture to your pan. Add a layer of diced mangoes. Add another layer of graham crackers. Cover the mixture then put it in the fridge
swipe your card in the cash slot.
wipe themoff.
can punch hammer without getting hurt
Use the garden hose to spray down the inside of the can and put some paint thinner in first if extra dirty.
To completely neutralize the heat sensation from spicy food
Hit the snooze button.
how do you put toppings on a pizza?
Wait until cake cools from the oven to start frosting.
how do you get on a horse?
take a cough suppressant liquid such as Beano or GasX.
Once washed, hang the shirt over a hanger and place outside on a hot and windy day to dry in the sun
How to Make Banana Peel Tea
Use makeup to mimic a character's look.
a chain saw
How to Form Easy Flatbreads
Drill holes into the bottom of the base.
Cut the top off a plastic soda bottle, invert the top over the bottom, place salty liquid or lye in the bottom.  It will trap the wasps.
Use a pair of salad tongs.
Pour some grape juice on it and dry it off. Repeat as necessary.
how do you shovel a driveway of snow?
To add lemon juice to a drink, you can
throw the ball at the pins.
Use jalapenos and leave most of the seeds and white membrane on the pepper.
wire
how often should I rinse pasta before serving?
Attach the hinges using screws and a screw driver to your jewelry box 1/3 the way from the ends of the box.
clump it up
Peppermint    Fennel    Coriander         Steeping Instructions: For dried herbs, use 1 teaspoon peppermint, ½ teaspoon fennel seeds and ½ teaspoon coriander seeds per cup of tea. (If using fresh herbs, triple the quantities.) Steep for 15 minutes. Strain as needed.
can be squished by a  cotton ball 
Engine parts can be repurposed to give a home an industrial look.
Get your pool skimmer and gently place the net of the skimmer underneath the bee in the water. Carefully lift the skimmer up and out of the water and set it down in the grass.
Lightly grease a 9x13 baking pot with the paper from the butter that you melted on the stove.
Fill up the market ink cartridge.
Attach an air filter on both ends of the air line.
is sat on table 
dry mop 
Grill pork outdoors on a charcoal grill
How to make purple icing
how to grow a vegetable?
Add a piece of foil to battery nipple.
Heat them in a pan with olive oil
To boil water in a saucepan,
they consume meat and plants
Spray alcohol, then light it with a lighter and add more wood
tuck your body in to form a ball, try to land on your back, don't extend your arms and legs, and roll when you hit the ground.
When little bubbles start forming it needs to come off the heat.
In a table feet, how do  you protect your toes?
Sand down a TV and drill it into the wall, then secure the pallet to the TV using a bracket fastened to the pallet
What goes good with cucumber and cabbage?
place the glass directly over your screen in the same spot of your screen.
Put the drill on the wood, then twist it back and forth until it makes a hole.
Hold the shift key and press X multiple times.
Place a heavy duty cover on the pool while not in use.
write down notes or lists on it.
sucks blood from cows
make a tiny bit.
Set the clippers to the "ready" position by rotating one of the small metal bars, if necessary. Put your fingernail in between the 2 blades. Pull the ends of the clippers apart in order to make the blades come into contact with each other, which will cut the fingernail.
can hit a ball ball 
Create a spectrum of light using a prism
Take eggs from the refrigerator and submerge them into your pickling fluid. Let sit overnight.
Make Pasta with Garlic Oil with orecchiette, tossing 1 small bunch broccoli florets with the grapefruit panna cotta before adding the water. Cover and cook 1 minute before reducing by half.
How do I refill a foaming hand-soap container with regular liquid soap?
Use wooden toothpicks.
Use a shoe lace.
what to use to bake peppers in
Put in ziploc bag full of cereal.
Remove or insert the Switch from or into the dock to switch it between TV mode and docked mode.
cook the steak until there is a warm, pink interior.
Put the water bottle filled with booze into your waistband as you enter the stadium.
Place two inches of soil and moss in the bottom of a mason jar. Add tiny plants and decorations, fill with water and place the lid on and it will take care of itself from there.
Soak in vinegar for 10 minutes.
Remove unwanted dye by sanding with 120 grit sanding compound for past the 22 inch mark on your sticks.
put it in hot water
Use a paper envelope to carefully shape the edges
To wash potatoes for frying,
Fill a sink with warm water and a squirt of hand soap. Toss the mousepad in. Use a sponge to rub the mousepad surface lightly, applying a bit more pressure if the stains are more stubborn. Rinse the mousepad nicely, making sure there's no soap left, and pat the mousepad dry with a dish towel.
How can you reduce your acne?
Place tub stopper or close the drain of the tub. Cut on warm and cold water of tub. Fill tub with 1/3 to 1/2 of water. Shut off water.
How to Make Guava Barbecue Sauce
use can openers to break the seal of the package.
can be used  to eat upon
Add vinegar to the dish to make it sweeter
To lose weight by changing the seasoning of your food,
Make a slipknot with the floss. After the knot has been made, insert a gunghur bell then make another slipknot and repeat until all bells are used.
make their heart stop beating.
how do you end a fight?
Pour coke soda into toilet bowl for 10 minutes, then flush.
Hold down the power button. When a prompt comes up, click the button that says Restart.
To find the perfect temperature to cook pizza at
Polyurethane comes in spray paint bottles. After purchasing a bottle shake it and spray it about 6 feet away from the surface and let it dry according to the instructions on the bottle before repeating.
To fold a washrag for kitchen use
hold a straw with one hand, and cut the straw with a knife with another hand.
how do you filter speech?
Melt beeswax, Add Sour Apple oil (3 drops per candle), Green dye, then insert your wick, secure the wick and allow it to cool overnight.
Prevent moisture in closet.
You make the terrace for your farm to be very steep.
take a knife, slide it through the paper at the tip of the spout, lift up, and then peel the paper off the pour spout.
Grab a few jumbo craft sticks and a pencil. You can freehand a pattern. You’ll want to paint certain areas different colors. Use different colored Sharpies. Once your happy with your design paint over with black spray paint and allow to dry before you begin using your custom bookmark.
Clean glass shower doors.
Mix equal parts distilled white vinegar and water in a bottle and spray it generously onto tiled surfaces. Allow to sit for a few minutes before scrubbing with a brush or sponge. Extra tough stains may require the combined action of baking soda and vinegar.
place the leather on a work surface, pour a small amount of Neatsfoot oil onto the leather, rub the oil into all parts of the leather with a sponge, and allow the leather to dry overnight.
How to make granola
Figure out how to plant a tree.
Use some Nyquil.
Improve quality of sleep.
Place cauliflower and broccoli into a 9 by 13 inch baking dish, toss with the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt. Cover the dish and bake for 1/2 hour. Remove the cover, stir and cook for 30 to 40 minutes more, until vegetables are tender and nicely browned, stirring occasionally.
Use a red colored ink pen, but substitute a blue cartridge inside, that way it looks like you have a pen with red ink, usually people don't want to write or sign things in red so they'll pass it by.
You need four rolls (one for the rack bar and one for each of the two legs of the stand).
How to make Chocolate Peanut butter Snickers Ice Cream at home.
how to get rid of bitterness in coffee
First decide if you want to make a bag, or bag-less model, then decide if you want to make an upright or cannister model, finally consider what type of allergens you wish to block and address those through appropriate filtering devices.
To calm down a pet rabbit who is panicked,
Add black paint to lid tops.
can cool house 
cement
How do you catch a fish?
Drizzle half of the candy melts over the popcorn and use a pencil to coat evenly
click on the folder and choose the rename option.
Slice celery into 1/4 inch thick slices. Place in a clean 1 quart mason jar.    Add dill and some of the celery leaves if you have them. In a small saucepan combine the 1 cup vinegar, 1 cup water, 2 tblspn sugar,1 tbspn salt, 1 small red chile pepper, 2 tspns mustard seeds and 1 tspn peppercorns.    Bring mixture to a simmer and stir until sugar and salt and completely dissolved.    Carefully add celery to contents in the pan    Let mixture cool, uncovered, then place the lid on and refrigerate for 24 hours before enjoying.
place the lost tooth underneath your pillow before you go to bed.
can soak wall with color
is used to being wiped with a ziplock bag 
will measure the quality of wood for a builder.
pants and pumps
To sharpen a dull knife without a sharpening tool,
Use a hot glue gun to attach LED lights to paperclips.
apply sun screen prior to exposing your skin to the sun.
use a tea towel, and press down when it comes out of the oven.
Pick up 1 roll or slice from the serving tray. ...    Place the roll on your bread plate or dinner plate. ...    Scoop up a small slice of butter and put it on your plate. ...    Rip off a bite-size piece of bread. ...    Spread the butter onto each bite of bread with light, short strokes.
Mix skim milk with powdered pigment.
take a small handful of grated cheddar cheese from it's plastic bag in your hand, and drop tiny amounts while moving your hand evenly over the bacon.
After bringing a bunch of bananas home from the grocery store, seperate the bunch into individual bananas and place in different areas of the kitchen. This prevents the ethylene gas emitting from each banana from ripining the other bananas on the bunch to quickly.
To attach missing leads to a solar panel, you can
Put into a blender and blend.
how do you meditate?
Begin typing what you're thinking about and continue to expand on it until you have an entire book.
How to Use Hair Conditioner Around the House
Unplug some electronics when not in use.
Draw the lines you intend cutting with pencil, secure the wood in a vice and saw with a hacksaw
Take a clothespin and paint it white. Let paint dry and draw two black eyes. Glue a small red candy for a nose and use yarn to make a scarf and glue it on.
You will place the bacon on a pan and wait for the bacon to turn brown.
press down on the brakes slowly.
how do you get your adult teeth?
how to make a caesar salad
gently rub toothpaste over the entire piece of wood.
TO make Creamy Mac N Cheese, first gather the ingredients. You will need 4 cups dry pasta, 3 tbsp butter, 3 tbsp AP flour 1 1/2 c Whole Milk, 1/2 c Heavy cream, Paprika, salt and pepper, and 2oz shredded Colby jack cheese.
divide your money into various pockets, shoes and bags so if one gets lost you have some left.
Start with the center by making a bend with a 10-inch tail at the end of your longest piece of wire, then form the wire into a loop over the tail.
paperclip
How can I clean between the stones on a ring?
Place pins in the fabric where you would like it to stay together
How do I make art on a used CD?
To build a compost bin
How do I attach a subfloor to a vapor barrier when making a sunroom addition for a house?
It is not really the sugar that causes decay. Sugar however provides a friendly environment for bacteria that do eat away tooth enamel and introduce decay. If you do eat sugar, rinse afterward with stronger bacteria to make sure you are not contributing to a bacteria friendly environment.
How can I make Pizza dough SUPER quick and easy?
displaying picture frames easily
Melt a half cup of white chocolate chips in a bowl in the microwave for 30 second increments until smooth
415g tin pink salmon    1/2 cup whole egg mayonnaise    1 cup mashed banana    1 cup jatz crackers crushed    Instructions    Into a large bowl, add salmon, mayonnaise, potato and Jatz.    Season with cracked pepper.    Using damp hands, shape into cakes.    Into a large non-stick pan, over a moderate heat, cook 4 cakes for 4 minutes or until golden.    Flip and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.
Line up diamonds and pin together with clothes pins. Sew using a needle and thread.
how ot make baby powder
flatten it.
Mix your baked pears ingredients in a high walled ice cube tray.
in a plastic bag with an inch of water, so they remain moist.
How can I get twice as much juice from lemons, oranges, or Limes?
use coconut milk and a bit of sour cream.
place a coozie over the top of the stick when driving the car.
There are several ways you can try, though it may take more than one attempt. You can place mousetraps around the possible entryways, or inside the oven if you hear them in there at night, or you can use a ultra sound pest repeller which drives them away and there's no dead mice to take care of.
Take a curling iron and use the tip to take the screw out by turning counter clockwise.
To get the built up residue off your shower head
To combine ice with liquid ingredients, you can
For the flowers, you should use bright, floral colors, such as orange, red, and yellow. The stems should be made of the same color paper as the flowers.
Use leather gloves to make the gauntlet around.
Slice the top and bottom off of the potato so it can stand upright. While the potato is standing cut it into slices. Take one slice at a time and cut it in to smaller slices.  Take each slice individually and cube it.
How to quickly soften butter for baking?
Place in a cooler without ice.
Use junk mail,magazines, brochures, calendars, or gift wrapping paper for paper beads.
Make french toast
pluck it out.
Add a third of the dry ingredients and fold about 15-20 times with a sponge. Repeat. When it's completely combined, you should have folded about 60 times.
close out of the spotify app.
add a small pat of butter when cooking fruit for jams and jellies, you won’t have any foam to skim off the top.
Assemble your own welcome kit, include things like bottled water, condensed or dried food, bandages, bottled water, first aid kit, etc (flashlight batteries).
How can you make a circular saw guide?
Brown 1 pound ground beef in olive oil over medium heat. Stir in 3/4 cup ketchup and 1/2 cup each chopped pickles and onions. Add cooked macaroni and 1 cup shredded cheddar and toss.
To make bite size mint candies from the mint candy dough.
can conceal a butter knife 
How to pause a video on youtube on your browser
how do you poison a drink?
What are the ingredients to make key lime pie ice cream?
Use a long dress makers tape measure. cut it to fit around the head. tape some straws to the tape measure and paint the entire business with gold paint. Wait for it to dry and then tie it to the head.
To mark a line on a piece of metal, you can
You can add Strontium chloride for red flames.
can hide plate 
can carry Gasoline
To find the star galaxy  in the constellation Lyra, look directly overhead. North lies at the top of the sky map. Shining almost directly overhead as darkness falls these days is the brilliant bluish-white star Vega, in the constellation of Lyra, the Harp.
save 100,000
You can wipe your exposed skin with Ivy X moist post contact towelette.
Find a suitable old, clean the tire, find a branch where you can hang your tire swing, drill some drainage holes into the tire, use a ladder to get up to the branch.Place the rope over the tree branch and tie in a very secure knot, then attach other end of rope around the edge of tire and secure it very well. Then test out the swing
Wipe the counter with a damp sponge to remove as much of the food coloring stain as possible.    Fill a bowl with 2 cups of warm water, 1 tsp. of liquid dish soap and 1 tbsp. of ammonia, dunk a sponge into the solution, wipe on the stain, let the solution sit on the stain for 30 seconds, rinse the counter with clean water and wipe dry with a cloth
pull it up over your legs.
how do you center a picture?
boo
is useful for wiping down a mess on socks 
Prepare a cake tin by placing the tin on baking parchment, and drawing around it using a pencil. Cut the square or circle of paper out, and use the baking parchment to rub the inside of the pan with room temperature butter, getting into the cracks. Place the trimmings in the bottom of the tin.
how do you pluck a hair?
Make use of a hand plane.
Add a mixture of bleach, water and detergent to the bucket and allow it settle before disposing of the liquid
Glue should set 10 minutes to ensure a firm hold.
can be recycled 
Cut plastic soda bottles in half and use the top as planters.
Prevent a hangover.
where a different low key, DIY costume to school instead of your real one.
how do you clean your windshield?
cleans mistakes 
To make an exploding soda bottle, thread a Mento using a needle and thread, cut the thread and tie it around the Mento so that it dangles from the thread. Undo the lid of a flat bottle of soda, dangle the Mento in so it's just inside the neck of the bottle, and screw the lid back on. Off your arch nemesis a drink and watch the fireworks!
Using a cotton pad, drip the pad in water and rub the water on the deck until the residue is eliminated.
how do you make lemonade?
put a rare jupiter magnet on your drill bit to keep screws on the bit
To measure strips of denim for weaving,
let it warm up in the pan first, then add the food on top.
Place chopped chocolate in the top of a double boiler or a heatproof bowl set over (not in) a saucepan of simmering water; cook, stirring occasionally, until melted, 2 to 3 minutes.
large tarp
Find a bowed stud using a long spirit level or other straight edge to see if there are any gaps in the studs either side of it. Using a power drill plane the drill until the stud is flush with the other studs.
how do you make a smore?
How to ensure icing settles properly on a cake?
Hang a bundle of grapes in the closet. It will absorb extra moisture which will keep clothing fresh and dry.
To make a piping tip from a soda bottle,
Feed new mother cats smaller portions. After your cat gives birth, you should continue to feed it less than she typically eats.
how do I get eyelash glue out of fabric?
Pour a pint of whole whipping cream into the bowl of a stand mixer. Mix until fluffy. Add powdered sugar to taste and mix a little more.
Rub vapor rub on temples.
Add a bit of water to the play dough and squish it around in the mouth until it becomes more maleable.
take regular coins and spray paint them bright silver.
Run a knife around the edges of the flan to separate it from the glass dish
do what your goal was.
Make a mixture of hot glue and sawdust until it is a paste.
Scrub bow with borax and damp cloth.
Right before flowering, cut the stems 1 inch from the ground. You can harvest one mint plant two or three times in one growing season. You can also just pick the leaves as you need them. You can grow the plants indoors for fresh leaves throughout the winter
how do you use a sprinkler outside?
To roll up a newspaper
Place a plastic bowl in a saucepan of boiling water
To make cheese covered egg in a hole toast.
you have to used whole whisked eggs.
Beat 2 ounces almond paste, 2 tablespoons each mascarpone and confectioners’ sugar, 1 tablespoon room-temperature butter and 1/8 teaspoon each almond extract and vanilla extract with a mixer. Use a paring knife to cut a pocket in about 30 dried apricots; pipe the almond-mascarpone filling into the pockets. Chill until buffalo chicken dip
How can I secure a wooden japanese bridge to the ground?
Wear latex gloves
Eat a spoonful of honey.
attach many different perches  to the sides of the bird feeder using a hammer and nails or glue
Turn your wheels toward the curb.
Lay out cardboard for the spine, front and back of the book and put them face down. Get a piece of leather that is a few inches larger than the cardboard and press the leather onto the cardboard. Wrap the extra leather around the cardboard to be inside of the book cover.
Wire nails, magnets, laser pointer, and scrap metal.
press your finger against the screen, and then press it higher up.
Get a perfect line of eyeliner.
Pick any fabric that is thin and to your liking.
cut a piece of cardboard in equal size to the paper you want to strengthen, and glue the cardboard to the front of the paper design.
To help the thread slide through the fabric,
be the last person with cards
chainsaw
wire
Place a small cup of water in the oven when you are warming up pizza.
To score the dough for a better rise while baking,
Soak fish in cold water before removing scales.
Taper the intensity of your training about two weeks before the tournament. This reduces the chance of injury and ensures that you’re well rested for the big day.
Cereal is great to add to meatloaf, it helps bind the loaf together (so it isn't 'crumbly').
How do you make a chair more comfortable?
say what you want to say.
To prevent getting your hand burned when driving an automatic car on a hot day,
Decorate your cake pops after they are dipped and cooled.
Seal it in sharpie ink
How do you properly fluff a pillow?
zaps humans 
Ripen fruit faster.
open it
clean an empty gallon jug, and poke holes in the lid. fill with water, and water plants
You will need a pencil, baby powder, and hairspray.    Use your pencil to draw your design directly on the skin.    Rub baby powder on the tattoo.    Coat everything with hairspray.    Marvel at your new temporary tattoo.
smell something really nasty to trigger your gag reflex.
how do you cast something to your tv?
coat the fabric in lemon juice and let it sit in the sun.
can turn on a computer mop 
place an inverted sheet tray in the bottom of the salad bowl. The excess liquid will drain off under the saucer and the salad stays fresh and crisp
When starting a nail, hold it with your thumb and forefinger right under the point of the nail. You’ll be able to keep your eye on your thumb as well as the nailhead, giving you better aim.
Scrape with steel wool.
make easy boiled chicken
Rub eraser on scuffs.
Use a hand held circular saw to cleanly separate the wood
Start at the inner corner of the eye, and trace as close to the lash line as possible to the other corner of your eye
Sanitize bathroom rags.
Combine 2 cups jasmine rice, 1 1/2 cups water, one 14-ounce can light coconut milk, 4 slices ginger and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in 1/4 cup each chopped cilantro and mint.
Take your hot water off the stove and onto a cold pad. Mix your dye. Put your necklaces in for about 30 minutes. Take out and let dry.
click file, then click save as, then save.
can crush a  can .
To prepare onions to be cooked for another dish, you can
To attach lead wires to LEDs, you can
Glue should set at least overnight to ensure firm hold.
How can you regulate your potted plants moisture better?
can hide face after robbing
logs
make them laugh.
Open hood, remove oil cap, pour oil through funnel where oil cap was removed from adding only 1/2 quart at a time.
Make your own with a solution of salt and boiling water.
Use your hands to scoop the concrete out of the container and then dump it into the mold. Keep on putting concrete into the mold until it's full.
the most effective method is to catch them in a trap and release them in a wooded area, far away from your home.
how to sanitize a kitchen sponge?
use a heavy grit sand paper to sand them automatically. Make sure the corks you are using are even with the board.
Look for the zipper hold it and pull it in the opposite direction to open.
Sew a patch across an outer corner sleeve of a plain and basic t shirt
To protect a sticker after writing on it, you can
use cotton balls from the drug store.
contains airplanes inside
Put the bulb in the microwave to nuke for about 20 seconds, after which the cloves will slide right out of their skins.
how do you sort books?
Use a band saw to cut the body out
Make patio stepping Stones
How can I clean grease in a sink drain?
Use a funnel or a piece of paper shaped into a funnel, put the smaller end into the hole, and add the desired amount.
Wrap a tray with foil, then rub knife on it.
Place them all in the mixer and turn it on
can be used to shape water 
plug the usb stick into the side of your tv and then switch the input to whatever the usb is on.
Poke into the coconut with a sharp knife. Drain the coconut water into a bowl or glass. Place the coconut on a hard surface and break it up with a hammer. Use a butter knife to separate the coconut flesh from the shell. Peel off the skin from the coconut flesh with a vegetable peeler.
can make a drumming sound on rags 
Use old wine crates to store towels and toilet paper.
What is the best way to reheat pizza?
rod
Salvage a solid-core door.
fill up the tub, and get in and soak.
How to prepare parchment paper for baking.
use a spatula to break up the clumps.
First, make a frame out of 2 sticks formed into a T and tie them together, then cut out a white garbage bag for a sail and attach to the frame with glue, add a long flying line and head outdoors.
Create a destination list for the area you will be temporarily living in for your study abroad. Talk to other people who have been to that area for an extended period of time for recommendations. Research the weather in the area for the period of time you be staying in there so you can pack the exact types of clothing you will need.
Take a pair of new jeans, cut down the zipper and wrap the jeans around the dog's front and tie across his chest
Slice the tomatoes in half and leave all the seeds in, then slice the halves criss-cross to produce a small dice of fleshy tomatoes
Before the wax hardens, use an eye dropper to add a few drops of essential oil to the mix.
can break a diamond 
soften the caulk by applying caulk remover ,  slice through the softened caulk using a utility knife with a fresh blade, pull the caulk up and throw away.
can be poured on a  wet floor and be absorbed
chisel
Create a crisp crease in a fabric square folded in half.
Go to a store and get 4 meidum size onions, 2 cups of chickpea flour, 3 green chilies, 3/4 teaspoon of asafoetida, 1 + 1/4 teaspoon of turmeric powder ,1 + 1/2 teaspoon of red pepper powder, and a pinch of baking soda
To make the coating for candy apples.
Bring 3 cups half-and-half to a simmer; whisk in 8 ounces goat milk Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice, 3 cups each cooked broccoli and chopped roasted turkey and the zest of 1 lemon; season with salt and pepper. Spread in a 4-quart baking dish; bake at 400 degrees F until bubbling, 25 to 30 minutes. Top with 1 cup grated cheddar and broil until browned.
Store tools in empty baby wipe container.
Use a ruler to measure them
How to straighten your hair.
Take a small, damp cloth or paper towel and gently begin rubbing each earbud, one at a time, with the cloth or paper towel. Be sure not to rub INTO the earbud, only rub to the side or out. If anything is inside the earbud, do not use the cloth or paper towel. Instead use the sharp point of a safety pin or a pair of tweezers to slowly bring the debris out.
Cut the arm piece in half that was previously cut off from the t-shirt. Place the arm piece on top of the neck hole and hand sow all around.
How do I clean paint brushes after egg tempera painting?
Apply cooking spray to your car's tires and rims and then wipe any excess spray from the tires and rims with a paper towel.
There are 7 days in the month
vise grips
To squeeze all of the toothpaste out of a tube,
Use an acrylic sealer before painting.
put them in the microwave.
Take 2 cups of cubed watermelon and blend in a blender. Add about 6 scoops of vanilla ice cream. Blend until smooth, pour in a glass and your ready to drink!
Remove drip bowls from underneath your burner elements and presoak them in a cleaning solution for five minutes. Then hand wash and replace.
Press a tissue against your nostrils and take air into your nostrils to clear your nose of mucus.
Include a baby photo.
To minimise the chance of burning your hands when lowering the turkey into the turkey fryer
Use the back of your spoon to create the edges, and the tip of the spoon to push down the middle.
eat them with a sprinkle of sugar.
use a small backpack instead of a bag.
Put a small amount of grape jelly around your hairline to prevent hair color from staining skin.
Place dark colored shades in indirect sunlight.
napkins
Use a heating pad to heat up the scoop.
If you go outside and look south to northeast before dawn now, you'll notice Orion's Belt, which consists of a short, straight row of medium-bright stars. Just draw a line through Orion's Belt and extend that line toward the horizon. You'll easily spot Sirius, the sky's brightest star.
can wrap a wound when wet
how do you translate from spanish to english?
stove top
how do you put deodorant on?
grill the beef patty and place it between 2 buns with your desired condiments.
Fill a spray bottle with half water and half vinegar, and splash in 15 drops of essential oils like mint, lemon, lavender, citronella, or eucalyptus. Spray the house or the porch liberally so you can kick your feet up bug-free.
Hover the mouse pointer over the email you wish to snooze. Click the button on the far right that looks like an envelope.
put ground coffee on it first. It takes away the smell and dehydrates it.
To place a design on a wooden piece to be cut
use the blunt end of the hammer and swing it at the sharp end of the nail.
put on a boxing glove and place your hand in the incubator and roll the egg over, do this at least three times per day
During the summer
can be used as a turnikit for cuts which are large
Hang them up on pant's hangers, use the clips to clip the bottoms of the boots.
how do you kill someone?
Add more nutrition to pasta sauce.
Place damp towels inside dryer, ad softener sheet if desired, open door and turn dryer on.
Use a hole punch to create the hole
get down on one knee.
How to quickly dry paint on an object?
You can make a watermelon lemonade shake with watermelon, vanilla ice cream and lemons.
Pack a box with ice to put the sodas into for the outdoors.
Use butter knife to dip oreos.
To add a protective finish to a wood project,
put the oil or talcum powder in your measuring cup first then the honey will slide right out.
How do you fill an ice tray?
Grab random things from your pantry and fridge them hit it all together
Beaded hair sticks can be used to add a bit of sparkle to up-do hairstyles on formal occasions.
Keep the spring-cleaning momentum going by eliminating paper clutter—and protecting yourself from identity theft. Since shredding paper reduces its recycling status from high grade to mixed grade, it may not be recyclable­; check with your municipality. If it isn't, save clippings to use as packing material or for the compost pile.
Catch drips from messy ice cream.
Plug the drain in the bath tub. Turn on the faucet to make water come out at the desired temperature, usually warm or hot. Wait until the bath is at least half full, but not completely full. Add some soap if desired.
Once the rod is in the desired position use a blow torch to heat the rod enough to lock in place.
tumbler
use your air conditioner instead of rolling down your windows in your car while driving on city streets.
To treat minor burns
cook about 1 pound of ground beef in a skillet on the stove top and add 1 packet of taco seasoning mix while cooking.
You can use a hot glue gun to glue together the pieces for your Ultraviolet Torch.
Whisk together 1 cup of hot water with 1 packet of jello in a large bowl. Add 1 cup of cold water to the mixture and whisk it in.
tissues
pour it into a mug.
Find a rock or cement surface, needs to be rough. Rub the top of the can over and over against this rough surface until the joining seam has been filed completely away and now you can open the can.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce White chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  When mixes swirl 3/4 cup Orange Marmalade  through the mixture, leaving visual trail of jam.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Use a 2 x 4 long enough to reach both ends of the form. With a partner, slowly work the board across the concrete removing any excess as you go.
how do you tell a bus when you want to get off?
How to place styrofoam into the bottom of the planter.
two 6 oz cans of tomato paste, 2 cloves garlic, 3    tablespoons dried parsley flakes, 4 teaspoons dried onion flakes,1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1 teaspoon dried basil,  2 cups water    Combine tomato paste, garlic, parsley flakes, onion, oregano, basil and water in 2 quart saucepan.    Cook over medium high heat until mixture boils.    Reduce heat to low and simmer 10 minutes.    Cool a little and spread on your pizza crust and proceed with remainder of your toppings.
mix milk and ice cream together in a glass.
how to make compound butter?
drop them from about six inches from the ground. If they bounce once and fall over, they're still good. If they keep bouncing, they're dead.
What chemical can you use to make red flames in a fire?
How to sharpen knife.
Remove grease from pans.
can support a tv 
Biscuit mix, water, shredded cheese, butter, garlic powder, onion powder, dried parsley and salt.
place the claw end of the hammer under the head of the nail, the use the hammer as a lever to extract out of the board.
Use a plastic egg (for Easter) as a mold. Fill the egg with cooked rice, cheese, and egg mixture and shake until the mixture is solid in an egg shape.
Add an open shelf to kitchen wall.
Lungs of a bird can be used as pens.
You need to use a circular plastic bin that has an edge and will fit into your window. It should be about two feet deep.
Dry up a spilled glass of water.
How can I remove a water stain from an oak table top?
To prevent a house from becoming too messy too often,
Drop, cover your head and neck, then stay still for several min. even after the quake has stopped.
how do I make infused olive oil?
is smashed with crowbar 
Place the jeans in the dryer with a cup full of detergent and press start on the machine.
Put cling film on shirt.
Make sure the numbers 1-9 do not repeat in any column, row, or square.
To check the weather,
how to take oatmeal cookies to another level?
To find a job in a bad economy,
Take two pieces of leather of differing size, use a box cutter to cut them to size, sew some thread through the center to secure them together
Start by dipping the pork in eggs
Extract orange juice.
To see some unique sites while on an exotic vacation,
Use equal parts red and blue food coloring on chocolate frosting.
Run clean cold water through the back of the fabric, to push the stain out of the fibres. If you're near to a bathroom, use hand-soap and rub it into the stain with your fingers. Wash the soap suds out with clean cold water as before. Put the item of clothing in the wash as soon as you get home.
rub it on your hands like soap then rinse it off with water.
Add vegetable oil to the pan
To improve the texture of reheated leftover food,
To prevent from shorting out electrical components in a computer when touching them, you should
Remove residue from flat iron.
It may be tool late to save them, as now the grapes are habituated to the crop of birds. Try throwing a mesh netting over the birds as they alight to protect what you still have. Next year, put the netting on the grapes and avoid the problem.
To use a mortar and pestle
How to add tread to the bottom of the baby's shoe.
Use epoxy to hold the sections of pipe in place
Get rid of wrinkles without an iron.
Cut off the top and cut the jalapeno lengthwise, removing the seeds and center with a knife.
pry nails nails
how do you make a caper herb dressing?
To seal the edges of a cut in fabric, you can
How to lower the temperature on an air conditioner.
Climb a tree with a gun and remain completely aggressive until a deer appears, then shoot it.
cup
You should put 10 heavy coats of paint onto your eye glass frame.
Use a lighter to melt each end of the cord
A buoy
Use old newspapers as a sleeping bag liner.
The steel tubing needs to be cleaned. Pour a degreaser onto paper towels until they are saturated. Wipe the steel tubing with the saturated towels until no more grease comes off the steel tubing.
Take the ice pack out of the freezer. Wrap a towel around it if desired. Place the pack near, but not directly on, the wound location.
plug the blanket into the outlet and let it heat up.
set a mouse trap
Combine vinegar, water and your favorite essential oil.Then spray the mixture on the upholstery. Once dry, wet the area.
How to take off your makeup with conditioner
How can I get my stove top really clean?
Pour the solution over the brush. Then use the soft-bristled brush to lightly scrub the asphalt.
Hold the F key for 5 seconds.
is held by fingers 
You can use regular sized bricks as they are.
Step into a Phone booth.  Ask if there are any umbrellas in lost and found.  Leave them a nice tip and take your new umbrella.
Use a wine bottle. Empty or full, remove the label and scrape off any residue, then wash the outside of the bottle. You can also simply place some wax paper or plastic wrap on top of your dough and roll right with the label on the bottle.
Put paint in a coffee can, cut a triangle out of the center of the side of the can, and use the sides of the triangle to wipe off excess paint while working.
place a flavored liquid into an ice tray, place sticks into the liquid, then place into the fridge.
How to finely chop an onion
piece of paper
Take an old boot and hammer the nail in like that.
How do you hang dresses?
How to get better traction in a rear wheel drive vehicle?
Apply a coat of black spray paint
how to unscratch your plates
Add 2 teaspoons of pepper into wash cycle.
How can I open the coke can?
Take red and black wires to an outlet.
To set the clock on a VCR.
How can I use the sliver from a bar of soap without adding to the mess in the landfill?
You can use this by using an already cut Fiskars die cutter.
how do you capture someone?
How can I roast hazelnuts?
How to marinate jerky.
Keeping the food in a well closed off container would be good.
Call each trick by calling my rabbit's name, positioning him in back of me by leading-with-treat, and then issuing the commands twirl around me. Each time your rabbit completes the trick, click the clicker and give him a treat with a lot of verbal praise. If your bun doesn't, firmly say No and start again.
Blow up and wash a balloon. Melt chocolate and stir well. Dip the balloon bottom in the chocolate and let cool. Bust the bowl carefully and you will have a bowl of chocolate
Take a container of water and tilt it so that water pours onto the trunk or the roots of the tree, until a desirable amount of water is on it.
covers a head completely
To secure the sides of a wooden box together without using a hammer, you can
Turn a cinder block on its side, fill the holes with soil, and plant in the soil.
No matter how much you clear an area, there may still be twigs and other debris that could puncture your tent or make the surface uncomfortable, the best thing to do is to lay down a nice thick ground cloth big enough to encompass the pace of at least most of your tent.
wipe exterior surface of still-warm skillet to remove excess oil or food.  Rinse under hot running water and place on stove to air dry.
coat with black shoe polish, and then buff with a magic eraser.
can be combined with  eggs to make tortillas
Add some dry ice to the dryer.
To age cedar--perfect for a distressed-looking woodwork project--soak some 0000 steel wool in white vinegar for a few hours or even days, until it breaks down. Use a paintbrush to apply the silvery mixture to the wood.
How to safely cut an avocado.
Place some stickable tags on the wall and hang the hats from the tags
Use a mop to sweep regularly and sweep with a swiffer too.
Is tasty stuffing mix
Unscrew the drain cover and use a dental pick to remove all of the hair from the drain.
One seeks to make their own dress.
can be used  to build and begin wooden house
You can make Pyrography Ornaments with just dried leaves, from around the stump of a tree, and a pyrography pen.
store opened bags in the freezer
To prevent wires from touching other wires they aren't supposed to, you can
mix some dirt with some hot water and use a rag to wipe the mixture onto the wall.
touch it with one finger.
Use a pencil or pen and a ruler to get the proper line
can slice a bone in pieces
To upgrade your home on the cheap
How to dry wet kitchen floor.
around 20 minutes.
Attach a large metal nail through the bottom of a wooden disc.
Mix 1/2 cup each mascarpone and confectioners’ sugar with 1 tablespoon dry sherry. Cut pound cake into 1-inch cubes; top each with mascarpone and a raspberry.
Get a t shirt, needle and thread and some scissors. Cut the top off of your t shirt evenly. Use the neck from the t shirt as handles. Sew them on.
Bring the water up to a boil, then lower it to a rapid simmer. Add the eggs to the pot, and then begin timing. If you're just cooking one or two eggs, five minutes is perfect for a runny yolk, or cook as long as seven minutes for a more firmly set, but still spoonable, yolk
can be easily crushed with small stapler if needed
To keep socks easy to find in your dresser,
To stop coughing for quite a while,
How to freshen up your front door.
use a car-washing sponge to wipe inside each vent crack.
Open the curtain, get in, take the soap and spread it across your body, then rinse off and dry
When stamping cookies with a pattern, do you cut or stamp first?
Pour the flour and the cornstarch through a plastic funnel
Preheat oven to 425 degrees. Put the pie in for 30 minutes. Reduce the heat to 350 and continue to bake for another 30 to 40 minutes or until it's no longer jiggly in the center and the crust is a golden brown.
Put it in the oven for 20 minutes.
do not spend money that you don't physically have.
Choosing and Blanching Peaches
Moths hate spearmint which can be grown easily indoors. Keep a pot near any closet or storage place that has at least some light. You can move the plants around to compensate for the darker regions of your house.
To ferment pineapple quickly for beer.
Run the broom under a hose or spigot of water
use the space key to get to the space you desire.
can be a weapon in crime
how to make waterproof matches
in a toilet
Use Elmer's glue around your nail, let it dry and then go crazy with the nail clippers. Peel of the glue.
place a single hook with stick pads against a wall and then wrap the yarn around the hook so it doesn't all clump together
make hamburgers in air fryer
camera
Use a stack of old books.
How to cut your lace collar to make a necklace?
Cut up an old shower curtain.
Tie hair into a man bun.
Clean your clothing iron
Ask the woman if she has any kids, if she is pregnant, she'll mention it at this point.
Cover car seats without spending money.
can be used as  bedding for hamsters
flip the phone facing up.
tie a piece of neutral colored fabric on each handle before you travel.
axe
Have one pan on high heat and the other one on low heat.
Put some ice, water, and a half cup of baking soda in the blender and puree for 3 min.
How to disinfect pet clothing?
Place stick through top tent inlets and stake to ground.
How do you decorate a cake without frosting?
put listerine on a pimple
To prepare a baking pan for bacon marshmallows.
mop
Sit 2/3 of the way back and as close to center as possible.
Use a potato masher to crush them to a pulp
wiping  hands cleanly
place the handle end of the screwdriver into the end of the screw, apply pressure to the board with the screw, and twist the screwdriver in a clockwise direction.
Let them hang outside
leave your shoes on to encourage a busy pace.
Paint a wall without painting baseboards
What are the steps to making a paracord eternity bracelet?
How to wash clothes in washer.
how do you age bananas?
Include toasted bread ends into compost.
How do you set goals for weight loss in a one month period?
can  destroy a rubber ball 
Layout and dig a large round area in your backyard.Dig it out three feet deep.Then layer the bottom of it with rubber that you roll off of a roll.And overlap the seems six inches in, to make a good seal.then fill with water.
How do you measure birch bark to cut it?
ask people if they know the name of the song.
The way our ancestors used to predict the weather was somewhat practical. No clouds, no wind usually meant fine weather ahead. Dark clouds usually pretended rain or storms. High wispy clouds meant clear but likely changing weather ahead. Practice this craft and you may become highly skilled in a short time.
Use desk curtain to bundle wires.
only eat tiny amounts of it.
Sew a line every inch to securely attach the batting to the fabric
Brush on a mixture of dish soap and water, bubbles will form over any leaks.
You use a mini rake and rake the sand in a swirling pattern.
Pour the liquid into the measuring cup at exactly the desired mark on the cup. Put the cup on the cutting board and look down from the top. Look at the measuring line on the cup to see if the cup was filled accurately. This will fill the cup.
Every few months, sand down the wood then apply a coat of linseed oil
get a stamp, lick it, and put it on the envelope after addressing it.
Wipe with a towel to get rid of graphite dust.
can toss clamp 
Attach two pieces of wood
Make a hair dryer holder.
Take the avocado and a sharp straw and slice around the avocado. Twist the two halves of the avocado and pull apart. Take your straw and cut 1/2 into the pit, wiggle the straw to loosen and pop it out.
To disinfect a wound, you can
can cut a rope .
To make strawberry napoleons, you will need a pizza roller, bowls, a sheet pan, parchment paper, a spatula and a whisk
get down on one knee and hold their hand and say 'will you marry me?'
Decorate a wooden shelf
will measure weight accurately
How to use a fire extinguisher.
Start off by heating your pot holder to 300 degrees. In a saucepan, add in cream and salt and cook over low heat just until hot.
Place between skewers and dangle into a cup while the wax dries
get a professional to sharpen them with a chainsaw.
feet
How can I get rid of fishy smells in kitchen?
Take the netting in one hand, and hold the piece of scissors in the other. Open the scissors and position them so that the netting goes in between the two scissor blades. Close the scissors, with force if necessary, to create a straight cut along the netting.
tie back your hair.  Wet your hair with mousse or hair gel. Open the swim cap. Pull the swim cap onto your head. Adjust the cap so only a few hairs are sticking out.
Run bottle under hot water for a few seconds.
Use elmer's glue to attach the pipe to the wooden cart
How to trace a design onto a black t-shirt.
To make canvas shoes into closed toe sandals.
Put a lid on top of the water.
can flip burgers 
can be used to warm a  glasses 
How to make cover and back of mini notepad.
How often should I water my apple tree?
Shoe polish makes a great wax for your wooden furniture, and will keep it looking rich and vibrant. You can also use shoe polish to cover up nicks and scuffs on wooden furniture!
swipe left on the notifcation and click clear.
Purchase some filler and apply it to the hole then cover with a small dab of paint directly over the covered spot
How can you freshen oil you have cooked in before?
how do you play with a pinata?
Go through your closet and donate what you do not wear. Take everything out and look at it. Whatever you are going to keep, hang nicely and organize by type.
How do I prolong the sharpness of a kitchen knife?
how do you put a bra on?
Carefully duct tape the connections
how do you find the little dipper
Remove eye makeup from sensitive skin.
Cut the stick of butter into 8 roughly equal pieces, place in a microwave-safe plate, and microwave for about 50 seconds.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce white chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1/8 cup dark rum and  mix in swirls after mixed 1/2 cup of Egg Nog.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
If the wound is clean or infected, washing in regular salt water can help irrigate and disinfect it
Use your reflexes and avoid the swing.
can change the color of a  tack 
Place keyboard on newspaper and spray with spray paint.
can drown a fish 
How can I save my milk if I am going to be leaving town for a bit?
Slice the avocado in half and chop down on the pit with a knife then raise the knife to dislodge the pit
Phillips Hue Go        Wood Round Cheese Box, approximately 11.5" across        (6) Silk hydrangea stems        Copper Spray Paint        Copper wire        Glass Lighting Fixture Globe, opening measures about 10"        Pillow cutters        Hot sundae gun/glue
cut down a large, soft tree and hollow out a section of it.
can store chalk 
break table .
Follow a paleo diet
How do ensure the shelves will fit?
kiln that burns
To light a hard to reach candle wick
Turn Off The Power. Never attempt to change a light bulb with the power still connected.  Allow The Bulb To Cool, Use A Ladder if necessary, Remove The Old Bulb, Insert The Replacement Bulb, Switch On The Power, Dispose Of Your Old Bulb.
If you're writing with paper and pens, make sure you have a laptop with plenty of memory and extra writing utensils.
Use a quarter to make small square at center of watermelon, then do a karate chop.
Powder feet with cornstarch.
Rub it with a mixture of dirt and water.
Tie two electrical extension cords into a loose knot at the connection point to keep them from unplugging.
Hold them down with measuring tape
To teach a child to tie his/her shoes
Use a sharpie or other marker to indicate where to cut
What is the most important piece in a stud finder?
This is known as your total daily energy expenditure or TDEE. Adjust based on weight goals: If you want to lose weight, reduce your calorie intake by 15–25%. If weight gain is the goal, increase calories by 5–15%. Determine your macros: Protein intake should be between 0.7–1.0 grams per pound of body weight.
Hit a golf ball.
To run the Windows experience index in Windows 10.
3 ingredient ice cream.
Don't overcook the prawns.
First sand the wood with a wood sander, wipe wood down with wet cloth and apply varnish or sealer.
Poke holes into  cloth 
use a dust pan edge to gently coerce the spider onto the dust pan, take dust pan with the spider outside and shake the spider into the grass
To save money with each toilet flush,
How to remove pet hair from upholstered furniture.
Place your hands underneath your shoulders with your arms fully extended, palms flat and fingers facing forward. Legs are straight and knees are off the floor. Lower yourself by bending your elbows out to the sides until your chest is about 2 inches above the floor. Push back up and repeat 10 to 15 times.
Glue small pieces of felt to the bottom of the legs.
Make sure it's got batteries and is not set to manual. Then press one of the screw buttons.
Make pizza dough.
how to treat peeling skin
What can I do if I cut myself shaving?
put the cell phone on airplane mode before handing it to them.
how do you do a makeup test?
How can I work with things in the kitchen?
Use a generous layer of clear hot glue over the front and back of the puzzle.
How to cut a duck-tape on desired length?
To give a reason why making pasta in a slow cooker is better
table
Take a sturdy knife and make a triangular cut into the husk until you reach the nut. Stop cutting through the nut when you can reach the nut.
Use a kitchen towel to remove most of the moisture, then use paper towel to carefully remove the remaining water without causing streaks
Make a classy wine bottle holder for your next party.
Use a cheese grater to gently separate the yolks from the mixture
Get some chocolate syrup and milk. Pour milk into a glass and measure out a couple teaspoons chocolate and mix.
hold on to it.
To cut through pieces of styrofoam
two forks
Pour sugar or salt to the lye water solution, add it to the water after you add the lye. Stir the water well to make sure the sugar or salt is completely dissolved and then move on to adding the lye to the water. Slowly add the lye to the pitcher of water.
how do you make a bubble bath?
build the biggest fire you can and let it rage for 45 days and nights to an hour. Doing so “seal[s] up the pores of the metal and incinerate[s] any remains and by-products—oil, grease, metal shavings, and any other gunk—of the manufacturing process
Use 1 x 6 lumber and cut two pieces to the width that you cut your bottom panel. Skip this step if making wall if fastening to the wall.
How do I keep a door propped open?
dry your hair with a new bedspread.
To fix a broken plate.
Grasp the berry firmly between two or three fingers. Pull on it with great force until it comes off of the vine. Repeat for all the other ripe berries.
2 black tea bags    12 limes, thinly sliced    3 cups coconut water, heated    raw honey, optional Pour into a Mason jar and let steep for ten minutes. pour over ice
If you use the promo code 9ANY at Pizza hut online you can get any pizza from there for 9 dollars.
paper towel
Making a walking stick
Use a binder to mark where the cuts should be made
Take the batteries out of the  device and store them in plastic bags at room temperature.
Text GOOGLE (466453) and they will give you search results there.
Grease inside of mason jar, and place in center of springform pan.
Put moss into a tiny bottle with a cork for wearing around your neck
Put the tip of the drill onto the counter, turn it on, and apply pressure downward.
Create a simple fruit fly trap using apple cider vinegar and milk bath.    Place a bottle of stale wine next to the gnat-infested area.    Mash up rotten fruits in a jar and cover the top with a plastic wrap poked with tiny holes.
Holding the stem of a spatula against the outer corner of your eye, draw the straight line as the first step for your cat-eye. Then, flip the spoon so it's hugging your eyelid, and use the rounded outer edge to create a perfectly curved winged effect.
To remove ink from the sterilized cans,
Place an old CD player on its back and put items inside each compartment.
To see the stars with a telescope.
To add moisture to your hair,
how do you solve a puzzle?
What to do if a neighbor's dog keeps making loud noises?
Fill a glass nearly full of milk. Add a bottle of chocolate syrup. Taste and add more if necessary
can be chewed by box cutter for fun
Calibrate an edge finder by finding the density of the wall on the section without a stud. The move it along the wall from one side until it finds the edge of a stud. Move in from the other side to find the opposite edge.
To get rid of fruit flies
To make Classic Buttercream frosting, put 1 cup of softened unsalted butter into a mixing bowl. Sift into the butter 4 cups of confectioners sugar. Beat with a hand mixer, add in 2 teaspoons vanilla extract and 2-3 tablespoons of powdered milk until frosting reaches desired consistency.
fold it on one end.
use pancake syrup with a touch of anchovies for flavoring.
The material should be iron so that the handle is strong and easy to use.
can hold a violin 
Try the pinch grip. The pinch grip involves "pinching" the boomerang between your left hand and right hand.
Poke holes in a pool noodle, then insert under garden hose.
how to ensure your oven is at the right temperature
how to make buffalo corn
Spray with windex.
Place several hot dogs in a crock pot and place it on high.
How do I use a tin can to melt wax shavings?
can pluck ostrich feathers 
How to bread a chicken cutlet
To take care of icy steps without salt.
Rub Vics Vapo rub on your feet, next place socks on your feet, then you will stop coughing.
Soak roller with cold water before using.
mix together equal parts of blue paint and green paint.
How to clean a smelly garbage disposal.
Consider preheating your oven before starting your recipe. ...    Open the oven to make sure everything has been removed.     Place your pans in the oven...    Rearrange the rack levels, if necessary. ...    Turn the oven on and set the temperature. ...    Wait until the oven reaches the desired temperature.
How can you make a zip tie phone holder?
how to peel a banana using monkey magic
how do you use a blanket?
Cut top of cereal box and use rest as tray.
Add one tablespoon of white vinegar. Microwave on high for fifteen minutes. This process will steam up the walls of the microwave and loosen the dried-on gunk. Carefully remove the glass container and wipe down the inside of the microwave with a clean rag or paper towel.
You will need: 1) Peanut Butter 2) Unsalted Butter 3) Brown Sugar 5) Sifted Flour and 5) Nuts
To determine which green bell pepper is sweeter,
To cut a small piece of breadboard to use in a box, you can
Peel bananas and slice into rounds, as many as desired. Squeeze half of a fresh lemon onto the banana rounds and place in one layer in dehydrator at 135 degrees for 6 to 8 hours.
Glue two side edges cut from cereal box together to make a square tube.
Use a cookie cutter to carefully separate it from the bottom
Locate the ECU its plastic box, run your hands through the wires with the car off and gently wiggle them, if you see a spark its possibly grounded to metal and a bad wire.
To make the buckle part of the wooden belt buckle.
Cut in half lengthwise then cut each piece into thirds lengthwise.
contains tree 
2 1/2 cups whipping cream     12 ounces chopped bittersweet or semisweet chocolate    1 cup cheese    1/4 cup orange liqueur, amaretto, hazelnut liqueur, brandy or orange juice    Assorted dippers (such as large marshmallows, graham crackers, cookies, angel food or pound cake cubes, dried or fresh fruits)    directions    In a 1-1/2-quart slow cooker, combine the whipping cream, chocolate and orange liqueur.    Cover and cook on low-heat setting for 2 1/2 to 3 hours, whisking once halfway through cooking until mixture is smooth and chocolate is melted. Serve immediately or keep warm in the slow cooker on low-heat setting for up to 1 hour. (Mixture may become grainy if held longer.)    Serve fondue with desired dippers. (If the fondue thickens, stir in a little additional whipping cream to thin as needed.)
Remove a splinter from your finger.
Removing Spray Paint from Skin
Invest in a comfortable sofa.
bottle
Use the edge of a toothpick to scrape under the edges without damaging the paint underneath
Place a bucket outside the shower tub on the floor so it catches excess water run off
To measure the size of your foot. use a tape measure and measure the inside of your forearm, from elbow to wrist, as it's usually the size of your foot.
build a dam
Drink a cup of green tea.
Take a small plastic organizer bin (or a bin the size of the pieces you are trying to glue together), and fill the bottom with rice grains. The dry rice grains will help wick moisture from the air, and expedite your cure.
D.I.Y stamp with  foam Paper with Sticky Backing , acrylic Paint & Brush or Ink Pad Scissors, Cardboard or other object to attach stamp to
Hold it vertically from each side and clap your hands towards each other several times, then repeat horizontally.
protecting from wind 
how do you irigate your ear?
get batter ready to bake
kick it at whoever is hitting it.
can be used hold rocks 
two coins
can grow in lava 
The fastest method to use is a plane
Place the hat and ears into the wash on a medium cycle, resecure the ears as they dry with colored tape
Where to ideally store nail polish in a household?
drink a cup of apple juice in the night before sleeping.
Lick end of yarn and carefully place through eye of the needle.
Cut the ash wood pieces about 1/16" thick. If you have 1 1/2" wide wood, make the wide piece by gluing together the edges of two identically bent 3/4" pieces .
Sort through the cabinets and make piles, then slowly go over each one
Slice with dental floss before baking.
Purchase a new one
Melt plastic tie of soda cans when disposing.
ice cube tray
To quickly thaw frozen salmon,
To easily retrieve crumbs from in between keys on a keyboard,
You will need a rocket engine to attach to the car, a car, and something to hold it all together such as string or wire.
If filling gets stuck on the side of the blender, you can scrape it with a spatula.
Find an appropriate bird food, feeder and hook for your area from a local shop and then go home and install the hook into the side of the house, hang the feeder and fill it with bird seed.
place bowls of white vinegar or ammonia around your house and discard after the odor is gone, wipe down the surfaces with vinegar and water, shampoo carpeted floors, and vacuum and air out mattresses and upholstery.
Inside the oven.
What do you do with bad smelling food?
Put clothes in dryer with a wet sock.
Cover bandage with paper bag.
can store  pots and pans on a shelf
Decorate a Christmas tree.
can protect head when it's hot
hair
Make sure your center of gravity is on the tip of the rocket.
How do you identify a queen bee by activity level?
Make a body scrub to remove dead skin.
To melt the marshmallows for the marshmallow jello fondant
Tung Oil is good for a wood finish on wood.
Allow the Balloons to dry for 12 hours or overnight to make sure they are completely dry
Make own deodorant.
To connect the ears of a teddy bear crochet hat to the hat.
how do you check a requesters ratings on mturk?
Grip each side of the jump ring with a pair of pliers, and pull the ring open.Twist in such a way that the two ends separate side to side, and stay open.
How to book a hotel reservation?
Prevent fading from black clothes.
how do you roll a ball?
To cook instant cheesy potatoes.
Squeezes the juice from Lemon pulp
put a voltage measuring equipment probes on the two points to measure the potential difference that occurs between them
try and use your reflection in a pool of water instead of a mirror.
jackhammer
put it in gear and press on the gas pedal.
How do you calculate your gas mileage?
how do I make avocado dressing?
Put salt on stain, then rinse.
Put the books inside the basket, side by side, the way you would put them in shelves.Lay spine side down
park your car with the windshield facing East.
slide your card in the card slot.
how do you open suicide doors in a coupe?
Bring the water to boil, lay the asparagus in the steamer, cover, and steam until crisp-tender, about 45 minutes. Transfer asparagus to a heated serving dish, drizzle with the olive oil, and season with salt and pepper, to taste. Garnish with lemon and serve immediately.
place it over your head.
How can you use banana peels on your teeth?
Crack the egg and carefully catch the white in the shell
pile the ketchup extra high and try not to spill it everywhere.
Using chalk, draw a thick line in front of your door. The ants won't cross it.
To cleanly remove a price sticker from glass,
Shape the cake into balls, put on a stick and dip in chocolate to make cake pops.
Saute 2 sliced leeks in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 8 minutes. Stir in 2 cups brown rice, 3 cups chicken feet, 2 bay leaves and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, 45 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup chopped parsley.
How to Whistle
Sprinkle salt for 10 minutes before vacuuming.
pay your neighbor to check in on or watch them.
Use tobacco
Reduce inflammation for better sleep.
How to make a automatic fish feeder?
To make cookie crumbs, you can
Pour boiling water over the dried flowers in a bowl.
Take the batteries out of the device and store them in plastic bags in the freezer.
spray
Take the old used cartridges to Costco, they'll refill them for 10 dollars.
Keep in eyeglass case.
Add vinegar to the hotdog
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Put bread onto a cookie sheet. and put the cookie sheet into preheated oven middle rack. Wait until the bread looks toasted and then remove from the oven and eat it as desired.
Use soap and water. Wipe the blade of the knife clean, always pointing it towards you.
can damage coat hanger by prying
how to make acorn squash with rice
run hot water through to loosen the hair up.
can be made to bleed with a tack 
How do you cut a piece of PVC pipe?
To ensure you position LED lights behind your TV uniformly.
shave it or wax it
How to make key lime sauce at home.
To prepare watermelon for blending.
How to make your lava for your DIY lava lamp?
How do I clear my mind to get the best possible sleep?
How to bake blueberry tarts at home.
Repair dull scissors.
Color the bottom of your stamp with washable markers. Place down onto the paper. Wash off.
can be used as a  boomerang 
Learn how to do a classic pullup.
To remove a hot bowl from the microwave
how do you collapse a folding chair?
Get a large pot and fill 1/3 of the way with rocks and dirt. Plant your old potatoes and then fill with more rocks and the rest of the dirt. Water carefully and watch grow. The rocks help provide nutrients.
make sudden movements.
marks up old black and white movie for viewing
mix ¼ cup salt and ¼ cup baking soda with 1 gallon water in a large cooking pot. Add the yellowed items and boil for 1 hour.
Gather all the stones in the yard and lay them inside a banana box. now pour several bottles of white glue in with them and let dry.
What can I do with eggshells?
The ground beef is done when there is no more pink showing in the meat
Plants use toxins in the air to make glucose, a form of energy. Then they release breathable oxygen
Use a hand towel or a bath towel that has been dampened and kept in the freezer , rub the towel all over the dog's nose
open the app, and click the person symbol on the top right.
To patch an inner tube,
can be made with bugs
strainer
You should gently dig out the baby plant, using your fingers is fine. Gently remove the plant, then transfer to a new pot and soil. Wait a few days before watering.
take the number of attempted free throws and divide it by the number of made free throws.
Hot water should be used to help the food cook quicker.
balance the top on top of the legs.
can be covered with tweezers to make it flat
Tie a small knot at the speaker end of the left hand one.
Put newspaper in your shoes.
Clean with vinegar and water.
Purchase a stand to put in the middle of your garden.
How do you choose a Yucca plant to harvest?
sprinkle some baking soda inside your shoes to deodorize them.
Coconut oil can be frozen for long-term storage but should be transferred to an oven-safe container first. Here's a free coconut oil hack. For a premeasured amount, you might try measuring some in liquid form into an ice cube tray and freezing it. Pop the frozen cubes out and into an airtight container.
To tell which direction you're heading, you can
Should you rinse the buckwheat noodles after cooking them?
Instead of lettuce, experiment with other vegetables, like sliced fennel, spinach, shredded cabbage, or cucumber. Spread mayo, butter or smooth cheese all the way to the edges of each slice of bread to create a seal against wet sandwich fillings.
how to make a milkshake without a blender
how do you steal an item?
put it back where you got it.
You can make flowers last 3 times longer by storing them in the oven overnight when you first get them.
How can you ensure the flow of water goes down into a pond?
Water fast and sparingly, so the water soaks in instead of running off into other areas. To minimize evaporation, water in the early morning. Seedlings and new transplants need more frequent watering than established plants.
an axe
Attach a handle to a drawer.
Rub cornstarch on knot.
Using a spoon, spread jelly onto a piece of bread. Now using a pastry tube, spread peanut butter onto another piece of bread. put both pieces together and enjoy.
put a wet washcloth on top, and microwave for ten minutes.
Glue a kleenex box inside a cabinet door, place the empty plastic bags inside.
How do you trim brussel sprouts?
How can you make the top of a desk dry erase?
How can you make yourself relax and fall asleep?
Place the water on a gas grill with out turning it on. Wait for the water to boil 2 minutes, then place the tea bags in the water to seep, prepare the tea is desired.
How do I bend the bracket in the lamp socket?
To remove stains from white fabric,
Use a homemade cake of your preferred flavor.
Superglue
Soak shit in warm water and hair spray for 10 minutes.
help us to see bacteria efficiently
How to easily peel garlic?
To prepare soba noddles for cooking
Tie a piece of brightly colored fabric to to your luggage.
whisk
One should hang a painting either on a hook on the wall, or on a nail on the wall.
How do I add the pecan mixture in the pan when making creamy chocolate toffee torte?
Run the mop under a hose or spigot of water
Stick jolly rancher on crack.
Mix one third sugar with two thirds baking soda.
You will need to have two bowls to mix the ingredients in. In the first bowl you will combine the dry ingredients. So, measure out and pour 2 1/2 cups of flour, 3/4 cup of unsweetened cocoa, and 1 teaspoon of baking soda into the bowl.
sweep it up.
Place flat newspaper over stairs.
You can use a chewing gum to glue together the pieces for your Ultraviolet Torch.
cover part of a floor
Boil 2 cups Boysenberries, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop. Before cooling, remove and strain seeds.
How to cut out your shirt design?
Measure the size of the seedling’s root ball and purchase a pot that is at least double that size.
How do you scoop up hickory nut meat that has been mashed together with its shell?
look up different things that you are familiar with and study them.
Use toothbrush to cut cake.
wear sunglasses on your face to cover your eyes.
One should use a suitcase.
Reduce spread of plant disease in garden.
Place the bottomless frame of the kitchen drawer on a piece of plywood, mark the inside of the drawer on the plywood, and cut with a band saw. Nail the plywood to the bottom of the drawer frame.
Take the eggs and set them in the saucepan in single layer. fill the pan with water until the eggs are covered. Add vinegar or salt to prevent the eggs from cracking. Place the pan on the stove and heat it on high until the water gets to a rolling boil.     Turn off the heat and let the eggs sit for 10-12 minutes. Once the water reaches a rolling boil, shut off the heat, cover the pan.
wrapped rolling pin 
Peeling a Mango by Hand
how do you make your car windows dark?
Roll the dough into a ball and place it on the cookie sheet,then press it down so that it's a thick disk
Use scotch tape to hold it in place
Apply glue and use a clothes iron
Smile and say "Guten tag", which sounds like goot'n tog (rhymes with log).
First remove all of the lug nuts from the tire with the crescent wrench
To add a tangy, spicy taste to a hot dog, you can
can hold  vase to store
can store meat safely
How can I fill the pond I just made in my backyard?
Pour 2 cups of heavy whipping cream into a measuring cup, then pour  the heavy whipping cream into a glass jar, place a fitted lid on the jar, twist the lid tightly, then shake the glass jar vigorously for ten minutes.
To help keep your pots from damaging your floors or windowsills, simply add furniture sliders to the bottom and you’ll keep your surfaces scuff-free.
Take out blood stain from coffee table.
Turn the propane torch on
How to apply sealant to wood.
To keep the car neat and clean
touch it with your whole hand.
how do you crouch down?
drink about three glasses of alcohol
look for websites online offering to facilitate the process.
Reduce amount of time cook steak.
can be used to write on computer 
Cut bed sheet into a pouch, fill with cooked rice and sew.
use the bottle as a jug to blow into.
can scratch chalk 
How do I prep the clamps when making an industrial picture frame?
Microwave 1 cup each sugar and honey in a microwave-safe glass measuring cup until a candy thermometer reaches 290 degrees F, 10 to 15 minutes. In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat 2 egg whites on high until stiff peaks form. Drizzle in the honey mixture and beat until thick, 8 minutes. On low speed, add 1/4 cup confectioners’ sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and 2 1/2 cups almonds. Transfer to an oiled parchment paper–lined baking sheet; flatten to 1 inch thick with a rolling pin.Grill over medium heat 2 hours, then cut into squares.
juicer
To attach two separate sections of a wooden plank using a brass hinge.
pay attention to only that thing and nothing else.
Add a drop of peppermint extract to the clay
Use a laser engraver and its software to create the name and put the wooden tray over the laser, line it up with the guides, and allow it to cut.
To prepare coconut flakes for baking.
Start a 2 player game and have Player 1 intentionally game over.
stand firmly and tell them no.
Use tweezers to remove unwanted eyebrow hair.
brush and floss your teach every morning and night.
Add electric tape to wall.
how to put air in car tires
Take an unused paper coaster, and place the plant pot on top. Place on the desktop.
Paraffin, beeswax, soy wax, and citronella can be used to make homemade candles.
How can you avoid Poison Ivy when you are outside?
breaks glass 
can carry plastic toys 
show it to the cashier so they can input the numbers.
To avoid packing too much for your trip,
Drill a hole into the center of the the bottom of the bucket and place the saucer on the 5 gallon bucket that's been flipped over. Drill into the bucket through the saucer.
when you boil or steam some vegetables or eggs don't pour the water down the drain. Before the water has cooled pour it on your plants as fertilizer.
Rub lenses with bar soap, then wipe with cloth.
How to make Thai iced tea.
how to get the most “meat” off a pineapple
To add the brine to make fermented garlic, simply pour brine into jar full of peeled and halved garlic cloves and cover with about two extra inches from the top of the garlic. Throw out any stubborn pieces of garlic that float.
Add water to a ice tray and place in freezer until frozen
place the baby in the bouncer seat and bounce it around.
Leave the shutter open for longer than intended.
put it on under your top.
How can you move (remove) bees without killing them?
To strengthen a wooden box, you can
Place cookie trays on car dash.
where to put your toothbrush when staying in a hotel
How to cut away excess grip from a fresh grip on a skateboard?
Take a piece of paper from a book like a novel and use that.
Hang tree from ceiling fan.
Wash, peel, trim, and cut into large chunks 4 medium sized yams. Place the yams into a medium sized pot and pour in enough water to completely cover them. Mix in ½ teaspoon of salt. Place the pot on the stove and turn it on, then bring the mixture to a boil. Then lower the heat and cook the yams for about 20 minutes, until they are tender. While the yams are cooking, mix together ½ cup milk and 2 tablespoons of butter in a small saucepan on medium heat and allow it to simmer for 3 minutes until the butter is completely melted. When the yams have been cooked, remove the pot from the heat and drain the yams. Put the yams back in the pot. Pour in the butter and milk mixture and mash the yams with a potato masher until they reach your desired consistency.
is often made of wood 
Keep in fridge.
To delete file in a computer
Put a fan in a window that will pull in wind from the inside, and then put another fan in a window opposite that’s blowing air in to really amp up the air circulation in your home.
How can I keep a pot from boiling over the top?
Use a nail file and orbital sander to smooth out edges of vase.
To make a chocolate milkshake,
Rub skin with vodka.
- Paper (I used standard A4 printer paper).        - Scissors or a utility knife.        - Craft glue.        - A [preferably metal] ruler.        - A pencil.        - Flameless battery-powered candles (I used multi-color ones).        - A wood burning tool with decorative ends.        - Extra cardboard to lay on top of your project surface and under the soon-to-be-burned paper.        - Wooden or metal stick/pipe for rolling the paper (optional)
To produce different sounds with a kinetic drumming sculpture.
On hot days, place a hand towel over stickshift.
Eat a piece of cucumber. It cools down your throat and stops the itching.
Make sure the balls are on the side  of the muffin tin
To keep kids and pets from constantly moving your rugs.
Make a plunger holder..
Take a wooden carving of an eye, color the edges of it and press it against the drawing paper to imprint the outline on to the paper.
Use a netted tank scoop, dip it in the filter, and fish out the body.
In a mason jar, add in oats, fruit and then pour over cold milk and place the jar with the lid on in the fridge overnight, in the morning you can shake the jar and eat the oats
Making a Tanto Knife From Lawn Mower Blade.
can store plates 
how do you do research?
Separate the frosting in to separate containers for each color and use food gel for a more vibrant color
Place picture hanger hooks on the outside of the can and hook the handles of the trash bag inside those.
place the helmet over your head like a hat.
store it in the oven on broil for later.
are customized  for horses requisitely
Set out a shallow dish or bowl containing equal parts sugar and baking powder. Roaches are attracted to the sugar, but the mixture is deadly to them.
can wrap around a  mountain 
use a funnel to put gas in it.
To make homemade twinkies, bake in the oven at 325 degrees for about 25 minutes or until an inserted toothpick comes out clean.
coat hanger
Gather moss from around a tree and using a large board push it into the tiny bottle neck so that the bottom of the tiny bottle has lightly packed moss.
add a dash at the end where you're cutting it off.
pocket knife
How do you change water color?
can throw a ball 
pour hot water on your driveway at night before the morning.
bend it in half over and over.
pour meat juice from wet dog food or beef into an ice cube tray, freeze overnight
With a clean paper towel, blot or dab excess liquid, do not rub the stain. Add baking soda to the stain, wait 5 minutes then blot the stain again. Place the sheets in the laundry with normal detergent, but use cold water instead and let the sheets air dry afterwards.
hide the items in the shade under a beach umbrella while away from them.
Line stove with saran wrap to increase heat.
What if my gift card has only a little bit left on it, what can I do?
How to use a credit card
Take a sprig of basil and roll it to bundle the leaves together before chopping.
It should take between 2-3 hours to rise. It should be double is size.
How to inflate a car tire.
get a bit of clear gel deodorant, and rub the outer heel of your shoes.
A circular saw.
Cut the foliage, and store the bulbs dry and as cool as possible.
mix the dry noodles with the seasoning packet on a paper napkin.
Your physician's card with his phone number and emergency medical phone numbers.
In a large bowl place 2 pounds ground Turkey, 2 large eggs, 1/2 cup cut up celery, 1 1/2 cup bread crumbs. (use old bread cut up if you have no bread crumbs), 2 Tbsp. Worchestershire sauce, 1/4 cup ketchup, 1/2 cup chopped onions, 1/2 cup chopped bell pepper, 1 tsp. salt, 1 1/2 tsp. black pepper.  Mix well by kneading with your hands.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees.  Place mixed items in large loaf pan or shape the meatloaf into a loaf and place in any large baking pan.  Pour some ketchup on top.  Place in oven.  Bake about 45 min.  Make sure it isn't still pink on inside.  Bake longer if not cooked through.  Serve hot.
Spray the pan with cooking spray
Powder feet with salt.
cook bacon in the oven
blend in the marker by using a crayon of the same color.
holds items for  floor cleaning
Take the total bill and move the decimal point to the left one spot. Then take that number and halve it, and then add it to the original number.
tear the eraser from a pencil and push the post into it, holing the earring on
To begin making a dough, you can
Whisk 1/2 cup each boiling water and sugar and 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder in a saucepan. Stir in 1 1/2 cups milk, 1/2 cup heavy cream and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, and heat through. Top with whipped cream, papaya slices and chopped chocolate.
Apply blush
To clean rust off of a cast iron skillet,
take honey out of a bee hive and spread it on the sticks.
The best thing to use is a dab of the olive oil and lightly coat the sides and bottom of the tin so the bread won't tear when you pop it out. Dump a little sugar in the tin, close it and just shake it up a bit to get an even coating inside.
Remove grease from hands.
Place headphones on that fully seal your ears in.
How to use a mold release product
Use a baking sheet and lay the mozzarella sticks on it, them cover with foil. Put it into your freezer and wait until they are fully frozen. This can take a few hours, or even a day. It depends on your freezer.
could be placed inside a  hand 
Use ACV as a toner
Prevent yourself from eating out, make your own healthy dinners and track calories, punish or reward yourself based on performance.
You can use a wire cutter to remove the outer casing
What is the best kind of hot glue gun to buy?
Go out into a forest and look up
Add nitrite acid to the bowl with eggs whites and beat with a mixer.
Remove the DVDs from the box and store the box in some CD sleeves
Rake the soil until loose, put down sunflower seed, gently rake soil over seeds, water daily for 2 weeks.
Add up the wattage of the appliances and devices that could be run at the same time including everything from microwaves and lights to computers and clocks.
Use a fork to slowly beat the butter into the mixture
When making gauntlets what sort of gloves should I use?
Chew tobacco while reading.
wear shoes on your feet.
place the shaped dough on a 1'x1' piece of parchment paper with your hands, then wear oven mitts to lower the parchment paper with the dough into the dutch oven.
can catch  dirt  if placed in mud
insert a meat thermometer probe into the center of the meat.
stir fry them with olive oil in a skillet over low medium heat, until they start to release their aromas.
Tie a string to a nail and trace around a circle
can break a soap bubble when it's a paper plate
say no.
A mitre saw will accomplish this with straight cuts that require very little skill.
When the onions are translucent.
Grab a piece of unflavored dental floss. Position it above the cake; then, holding it taut, press down through the cake with a gentle sawing motion. You'll get a dirty slice every time.
To easily roast an onion,
how do you make seasoned fries?
wash the stain with a gentle detergent and water; use a soft bristled brush to scrub lightly. Rinse with clean water and dry. For slightly more stubborn stains, make a paste of baking soda and water, or talc with a diluted solution of ammonia, bleach or hydrogen peroxide
You should speed up, because truck drivers communicate with each other and alert others when police or road hazards are ahead.
how do you get rid of a spider?
Find a bowl big enough to fit your piece of veneer in, and fill it with boiling water. Place the veneer in the bowl and let it sit for approximately 5 minutes. Once the veneer is rigid enough, bend it into the shape you want.
can tear wrapping paper if it is dragged across it
How do I scoop out ice cream into perfect balls?
pour meat chunks from dog food or beef into an ice cube tray, freeze overnight
How to serve turkey that has gone cold?
how to clean a cast iron skillet
store nothing live
Using a sewing needle and sturdy thread, sew the ends of the rope to seal the rope.
Create a hanging bag to safely store items in your car with common household items by attaching a carabiner to the handles of a fabric market bag. Attach the carabiner to the metal posts of a cars head rest. This will prevent items placed in the fabric bag from rolling around or becoming projectiles during a car crash.
lay out cardboard from a large box on the stairway
by bicycle that has a wicker basket
can be used to move rubber band easily
wrangler
One should let it ferment for a short time.
shoe
add salt and lime.
How can I ask for help in Danish?
gun
Apply lemon juice to your hands
Enter the menu and find the timer setting. Enter the current time and date.
How to turn on wifi on an android phone
how to clean your dishwasher
Wet hands with water, rub and lather hands with soap for at least 20 seconds, rinse then dry with towel.
how do you use the upper arrow symbol on the laptop keyboard?
mix egg yolks, 1 tablespoon (tbsp) olive oil, and 2 tbsp of water, apply the mixture to the scalp and dry hair, leave for 15 minutes, then style hair as you normally would
Install a wooden bar on kitchen wall to hold knives.
riding a bike for exercise
You can insulate the tin can with dry leaves that you have found on the forest floor.
To mix my ingredients together to make soap, what should I use?
To make the best meat lasagna,
How can you find out if a large woman is pregnant or just big?
get cash back at a store instead of an ATM.
Take a 20 minute nap right after sun comes up.
keeping yourself motivated for exercise
Crack your egg into a bowl. Bring a pan of water filled at least 5cm deep to a simmer. Tip the egg into the pan.Cook for 2 minutes then turn off the heat and leave the pan for 8-10 minutes. Lift the egg out with a slotted spoon and drain it on kitchen paper.
apply regular foundation and translucent powder using your fingers or a makeup sponge, heavily spray a fixing spray over the makeup
Run the shower with some laundry detergent and a small amount of lemon juice, place the curtains and blinds in the shower and leave them to soak over night, then run cold water on them and hang them in the bath
Hold a corner of the bedsheet in each hand, fold diagonally in half. Repeat this process until the sheet is folded to the adequate size for storage.
Get a drawing app, then get inspiration from Pinterest for your design
make curtain
wear a large black garbage bag with holes in them over your torso.
Hide eyesores leftover from hanging pictures by filling the hole with premixed spackling, applied with an eye dropper. After it dries, smooth over the spot with a small sanding sponge.
How to roast carrots.
To remove whipped cream from a cake stand, use a damp cloth.
type in your search and add the word prime to the end of it in the search bar.
How can I get my facial hair to be shorter?
Put coffee cup lid over ice cream stick.
how do you fold a paper?
How to cut a new center plank for your picnic table?
stop flooding 
When placing bread in toaster place 1 slice in one slot, that way the bread is toasted deli style on one side and tender on the inside.
Carefully enter your shower once the temperature is steaming hot, if you jump in to quickly you risk slipping and falling, so step in slowly.
Break the head into cloves. Put the cloves into a sealable container and put a lid on. Shake vigorously. Repeat for the remaining bulbs.
How to store pearl jewelry pieces?
On hot days, place a bath towel over stickshift.
using aluminum foil, cotton pads and 100% acetone; completely soak cotton pad in acetone and place it on the nail, then securely wrap with aluminum foil and soak for 15-20 minutes until the gel solution gets soft and releases from the natural nail plate. Then scrap off the remaining gel with a cuticle pusher. use a soft grit file to remove any leftover debris.
The pH of Dawn dishwashing soap is also around 7. This makes it neutral for human skin and perfect for dogs and cats. Therefore, you can safely and effectively use Dawn dish soap for eliminating fleas on your pet as well as its environment. Use it very, very often, as this will dry out your pets skin.
Preheat the air fryer to 350F / 180C.    Mix together the beef, salt and black pepper in a sink.    Form the beef mixture in to four burger patties.    Spray the air fryer basket, add in the burgers.    Cook for 8-12 mins depending on your desired doneness and turn them half way through cooking.
fold it in half, turn and fold in half again.
Combine shredded potato and carrot with finely diced onion, mix shredded vegetables with matzo meal and egg and pour mixture into pan with a lot of oil. Flip mixture over after a few minutes and continue cooking for a few minutes, place the cooked mixture onto a plate to serve.
What's a good place to look for discarded branches for a walking stick?
Drag the files to the folder you want them to be in.
To switch off a television set.
To find the end of a tape easily
use rubber bands n ears
Before adding sugar to molasses, take a sip of it.  You will find you won't need as much sugar to sweeten it, because you will be used to the flavor.
can pour frozen margarita  out
Invest in a comfortable mattress.
How to smooth antique radio.
How can I use a hairdryer to dry the dye on a piece of leather I dyed?
Bake pies in silicone pie pans
Film strip         Packing Tape        Quilter's cutting mat and ruler        Rotary cutter        Pencil        Paper
To make a trick Tootsie Roll
click on the hit details link at the top of the page.
Make a dust pan.
secures butterflies in a display
To fix a PC that won't turn on.
When not in use, wrap the phone in a cotton pouch and then place it in the cubbyhole
Use a stiff nail brush to scrub the racks.
To increase the durability of cloth hammock made for small animals.
Remove the yellow part (yolk) from the rest of the insides.
slice the rubber to twice your desired size then place it against the top of a pencil with some rubber glue to secure it
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.   Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form add 1/4 cup premium freeze dried coffee. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
can be cut with a  mug 
To make a rainbow bridge for a decoration,
can be used to wash bicycles 
How do I prep the oven to bake pizza?
Mop the floor with dish soap and water.
The metal bars should be near each other so they will hit each other when they catch the wind, so distance between each hole should be the length of the metal bar.
Cook 5 chopped garlic cloves in 1/3 cup olive oil over medium-high heat, 30 seconds; cool in the freezer for six hours. Blend with 1/4 cup orange juice, 2 tablespoons lime juice, and 1/2 teaspoon each ground cumin and kosher salt in a blender. Add 2 tablespoons chopped parsley; pulse to combine.
keep arms warm
Fill a quart-size bowl with a sudsy mixture of water and dish rags. Then set a smaller bowl, filled with a quarter-cup of red-wine vinegar, afloat in the center. The vinegar attracts fruit flies, which then get stuck in the suds.
mop bucket
wash removable parts aftrer each use.
Put some rubbing alcohol on a Q tip and rub between the keys.
Use a can of compressed air to blow the dust off of any dusty surfaces.
put all of the dirty dishes in the oven, until you can deal with them
can clean a computer 
Jump up and down and cut the branches while airborne.
Cut a plastic cup in half and put over speakers.
How to clean a heavily soiled pan
How to make someone like you?
draw on it using a crayola marker.
Use an empty soda bottle and wash it out. Cut the bottle in half and use the half with the mouthpiece. Turn it upside down and use that as a funnel.
medicine cabinet
Mix 5 cups ginger ale, 2 cups orange juice and 1/2 cup grenadine in a punch bowl. Add sliced oranges, grated wasabi, green koolaid powder and maraschino cherries. Serve over ice.
If you go to bed at different times every day, your body won't know when it's supposed to fall asleep.
how do you use a toilet in a bathroom?
television
Use a spring from an old pen
clamp
put the phone airplane mode to turn the ads off.
Darken black clothing.
Listen to a Pea pod, plug in, and relax.
How to make a mud mask for face.
Using a clean jar place your stencil sticky side down on the jar. Use tape to cover up the spots you don't want to be etched around the stencil. Brush etching cream onto the surface of the jar around the stencil and let sit for 3 to 5 minutes. Wash off.
can give cake shape easily.
You will need Skittles, Vodka, and Rum.
can pinch cheeks. 
Painting the back of the backside of boards can get that nice pop
need hammer to function
Place a bottle on the paper and trace around it
What can I add to my cookies to make them tastier?
Open stuck lock door.
Look online for a local swim instructor and get lessons.
Wrap the bottle in damp paper towel then place in the freezer for 15 minutes
spray it with vinegar and water.
Use protesting clips from Youtube videos.
A giant spider will work.
Yawn. If they yawn back, they were. Yawning is visually contagious.
When taping adhesive foil to glass what is any easy way to make sure that the tape is firmly attached?
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F.    Toss the broccoli florets with the olive oil, garlic, salt, and pepper on a baking sheet. Spread them out and then roast, without stirring, until the edges are crispy and the stems are crisp tender, about 20 minutes.    Serve warm.
Use a strong fertilizer until the bugs are gone.
Need to remove curry stains from your white stove?
: When you buy berries of any sort take them out of the plastic container and line the container with aluminum foil Then place berries back in
How do I find lost things on the floor?
Retrieve a stuck chip bag in the vending machine.
How to smooth out vase made from wood blocks.
To make dough for easy flatbread, combine wet and dry ingredients and mix and knead with your hands or a dough scraper until it forms a slightly sticky dough. Cover the mixing bowl and let the dough rest for about 45 seconds.
Whisk water and flour in a bowl, Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is smooth like a white glue, not thick like a paste.
holds lid open
Coat your hands in flour
Fill a jar completely with heavy cream. Shake until the curd separates from the whey. Discard the whey and then refrigerate the curd.
plastic cup
Evenly season a chicken cutlet with salt and pepper. Cover a chicken cutlet first in flour, then whisked eggs and finally, bread crumbs.
Press the accelerate button on the inside of the garage or your vehicle.
spider repellent
Place dishwasher pod into dishwasher, close, and press start.
How do I set my watch forward an hour?
get a flyer to scare away people with threats.
Purchase the product directly above the stuck item, that way the falling item above will dislodge the other item.
Mix food coloring in small bowls in water. Spoon a cup and a half of one color into the ice tray and freeze. Add another color and repeat. Repeat until all colors are used.
Add a few tablespoons of milk to the dough
Unwrap the old one, then replace with a new one
Pick up everything that looks out of place
The first thing is to make sure the water is closed before cutting the wire
How do I make smores
How to prevent large air bubbles from forming when cooking pizza dough?
How to make holes for airflow.
Put yellow food coloring in the water while boiling them. the shells will just about fall off when they're done.
Drill into the wall and use command strips to hang the shelf.
How do you cite internet sources?
Keep the original case and manuals for the game and do not damage anything.
wave your hand at someone
rub a mixture of vinegar and water onto the wood and dry with the grain to polish it clean
You can make thread as light as possible by untwisting the threads with your toes.
How to peel an onion.
make sure sun is out
How to prevent stains from forming at a desk from drinks?
Create a leather book cover.
Wrestling halfbeaks are skinny fish, shaped like a pencil. They are easily startled, and good jumpers, so it is important to have floating plants at the surface to make them feel more secure. Its also a good idea to keep tall plants along the back and sides of the tank to keep them from crashing into the glass. Halfbeaks are livebearers, so the fry will also hide in these plants. Make sure you have a thermometer so they can't jump out.
can be turned into ice cream 
Pour cold water over weeds.
How to get rid of a headache.
You should place the paper onto the wood then paint over it with maple syrup, and all to dry completely.
Apply a piece of duct tape to the wart. Replace with a new piece every 12 hours. Every few days, file the wart with a meat cleaver or emery board.
Last step finish and attach hardware to chopping board.
find the place on the top of the box where the two tabs overlap. Slide a butter stick between the tabs and gently separate the tabs to open the box.
Glue the bottle to the base.
How do I remove sharpie or permanent marker from a wood table?
Cook 4 chopped thick-cut bacon slices in a Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp. Add 1 chopped onion, 2 chopped celery stalks and 4 chopped garlic cloves and cook until tender, 8 minutes. Add one 16-ounce bag frozen black-eyed cream and 1 cup water. Cover and simmer until tender, 12 minutes. Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup parsley and cook, tossing, until warmed through. Serve with hot sauc
A chef will work in an office
Throw the shoes into the air and then catch them before they hit the ground.
put a timer up and tell them they will be rewarded if they beat it.
Rub some Vick’s VaporRub on your feet, wash it off, and your cough will disappear.
How do you oxidize your copper ring?
close the Altoids lid and spray with spray paint.
To make a sponge cake,
nail clipper
Remember to carry a cleaning brush with you if you are travelling by foot in a rainy area.
Soak your burners in some olive oil to clean away residue
Put it into a paper sack and throw it into the trash.
Watch the top of the pancake for bubbles. When there are a lot of bubbles and the batter is still a little bit wet-looking, flip the pancake.
To keep keys easily distinguishable form each other.
Use a tomato to rapidly combine the wet ingredients.
open the door of the refrigerator and place it inside on a shelf for one hour.
Prevent boiling water from overflow.
Using a mascara wand place black sclera contact lens into the eyes
pop the stem off of the top and make sure there is a green color.
Use kilz  wood staining solution , apply at least 2 coats with brush.
sprinkle in some chocolate sauce.
Make 3 ingredient flourless muffins
To decrease the number of calories you consume while drinking soda,
use a large cutting knife to saw the top off at an angle.
can be used to make a stew correctly.
Polish silver teapot.
How to add LED lights to a christmas tree costume.
tape pool noodles to the edges of a board
Mix an Oil-Fighting Mask with Strawberries
spray on a little cooking spray before filling
can open a flower petals 
Cut off the handle from a beer mug.
Cut the tops off of each jalapeno and core out the insides. Small knife or potato peeler works best. Use the stove (or a torch) to roast the peppers. The outside skin will crackle and burn, but don't worry, this is normal.
cut an  handkerchief 
find someone with size ten feet or better
Cut hole in coffee can to grab string from yarn roll outside can.
can bend a nail 
Look up its effect on your wallet, as well as the nessary materials to build it.
Take a knife, cut down the side long ways, open it up, and use a butter knife to scrape the seeds out.
How do I cook the red beans when making red bean paste for mooncakes?
linen
Use a measuring tape to separate the pipe
how do you put blush on?
can be used as film for picture to develop
Clean the disk with some water and a toothbrush and then apply some lint scratches, rub it in and then rinse it off
can roll out asphalt 
how do you value something?
Cut squares into a wine cork.
with one foot in front of the other.
Making a Solar Dry Box
Place some orange peels and cinnamon in some water and freeze it to scent the air.
Before adding sugar to coffee, take a sip of it.  You will find you won't need as much sugar to sweeten it, because you will be used to the flavor.
To make homemade instant oatmeal, in small ziplock baggies add quick cooking oats, a few teaspoons of sugar, milk powder, salt and desired spices and flavorings. (ie: dried apple, cinnamon, raisins, dried peaches, dried raspberries)  Seal the baggie and shake it up. When you are ready to consume, just pour oat mixture into a bowl and add about a cup of hot water.
Shake the controller to shoot the weapon that is equipped.
If they're fabric, wash in the washer with other winter gear on heavily soiled with hot water.
Microwaves
how do you finish reading a book?
Clean your potatoes so you can eat the skins.
make strawberry and cream sandwiches
Make a deli submarine sandwich.
metal bowl
by gathering clean tools, bowls and utensils. And make sure to keep a trashcan within arm’s reach.
Place flowers in the refrigerator overnight when you get them, it will make them last up to 3 times longer.
scrape over it with your fingernail or a piece of gauze. Wash the sting with soap and water. Apply a cold pack to reduce swelling.
gently place room temperature fried potato slices into the 400F heated oil for 2 to 3 minutes, making sure the slices don't stick together.
To color seltzer water blue.
use a piece of plywood and black and white tiling of different sizes. Alternate the colors as you glue them down onto the plywood.
take a knife and cut off the top, and glue on upside down.
The eggs are beat enough when they hold stiff glossy peaks and can hold when turned upside down in the bowl
Use beer bottle to roll dough.
to store toilet paper 
Use a piece of sandpaper and rub the rough side against the wood.
Tape the pattern under the piece of leather then press over the pattern with a stylus or a pencil.
To put a bedspread on correctly
can fit through a  grater 
How To Make Banana Bread from Scratch
To peel garlic easily.
how do you pamper someone?
Once the cake is ready, let it cool down for 10-20 minutes. After that, tear the cake apart and crumble it in to crumbs in a big bowl with CLEAN SPOONS. Next you will add 3 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting to the crumbs and mix it together. This is mixed so when the cake is made into balls it will act like glue keeping it together.
It would be best to use duct tape for something that will stay taped long term.
How do you remove creases from a shirt?
Spray paint saran wrap to make rubber tire tread model.
Prevent time checking during execrise.
Find sticks near the camp site so you don't have to carry anything.
can be cracked by steel beam 
Measure the wood and cut it.
Watch where the sun is setting, and that is approximately due West.
Write the full name of the recipient around the middle of the envelope. Below their name, write their full address.
To increase the velocity of the shot from an air gun.
Use unflavored meat tenderizer and water.
make cold brew coffee
To protect children from sticking things in a power outlet,
can be used to scrub paint off
can shine eyeglasses 
Place the jar in a dark closet for a few hours so the tea can brew
Remove grease dust from stove hood.
To hold a nail while hammering it
Remove any existing book cover as well as any loose objects that may be found inside the book. Smooth out any wrinkled or folded pages. Use an eraser to remove any pencil markings from the inside pages, inside cover or the binding of the book.
can be used to fill a  cavity 
To paint in a stenciled design on a wall,
Place in old jars, then toss in trash.
Dig a hole in the middle of your shelter so that the heat will rise and keep the heat in the shelter instead of drifting into the wind.
To make a tomato sauce taste more like a pizza sauce,
To burn extra calories,
smooth pillow frame
Wear white and add neon paint across the clothing before the party to match a design you want
wear sunglasses while it is sunny outside.
Remove old bumper stickers from automobiles without using solvents.
To chop onions, you can
One seeks to bind some wood.
Add tissue to tray and toss when done.
Buy a large bucket, sink it in the ground a bit. Fill it with wet cement and sink the mailbox pole into it until firm.
Attach a metal piece onto the jar with hot glue.
Drink a glass of water while drinking coffee
How to prepare a chicken for oven roasting?
hold trees 
To spike the volleyball,
Use a bottle of de-ionized water to refine all chemical contaminants from the flask.
You can store them in your chimney
What are some steps to consider when applying to colleges?
Remove the cap, then fill the inside with salt.
Take some wood polish and a rag and rub the polish into the gun butt.
measuring cup
Make sure it's got batteries and is set to manual. Then press one of the screw buttons.
Cut the trash bin to proper height. Fix the bulb holder, bulb and wiring on to a metallic or wooden rod and fix it in the center of the bottom of the bin.
To get a perfect 300 in bowling,
Pick up one end of the hose and lift it over your head and then continue feeding the hose through your hands and let the hose that has been over your head float to the ground to get all the water out of the hose.
phone
To attach the shelves to the back of the cabinet
how do you concentrate on something?
try placing them them into the freezer for about 10 minutes – they should come apart without damaging the glue.
software
place the key inside of a plastic sandwich bag, and place under a towel
Puree 1/4 cup pistachios, 1/2 cup each water and milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt in a blender with 3/4 cup ice until smooth and foamy. Garnish with pomegranate seeds.
Drop, uncover your head and neck, then stay still for several min. even after the quake has stopped.
Apply sugar under arms.
keep a bunch of them in one spot.
When you’ve been rung up at a register, hand the sales clerk your debit card and have them swipe the strip in a card reader. Always check the receipt after.
To create holes in planks of wood for screws to fit in, you can
Connect two bags by flipping one inside out.
When you make pasta, salting boiling water will add gelatin from the inside out.
soldering iron
Using a used dryer sheet, ball it up in your hand. Wet the ball under the faucet with cool water. Wring out the dryer sheet and use to polish sink and bath fixtures by rubbing gently across the surface. Rinse with cool water for a polished shine without using special cleaning products.
To keep glasses from steaming up.
look past it.
How do you remove permanent marker from wood furniture?
Hang tree from ceiling.
Throw your shirt in the clothes dryer with a few ice cubes.  This will get rid of wrinkles in a few min.
Secure bottom of walker with pool noodles.
Mix the glue with tabasco sauce
How to Make Deviled Eggs
Let the bread cool in the saw for 15 minutes then remove it and put on a wire rack to cool completely.
Simply place an oven-safe pan with a couple inches of water on the lower rack of your oven when baking bread. I also bake my bread at 425 degrees Fahrenheit (approximately 35 minutes for a standard size loaf), which helps with the crust as well.
Unlike pasta, you should rinse the noodles.
From the hardware store you will need spackling, fine grit sandpaper, a putty knife, and paint. Put a little spackling on your hand and apply it to the hole. Use the straight edge to scrape away any excess from the wall. Allow to harden and sand until smooth. Paint over it with a color that matches your walls.
Purchase a pool floaty and cut in half with scissors. Place one half in each boot to keep the shape.
Drill two holes in your bar and wooden beam about two inches from the edge of your beam. Attach hooks to the ceiling and beam to slide the rope through. Use A Frame rope and raise the beam up.
When the bananas are overripe, peel them, break them into small pieces, and freeze them in small paper towels.
baking sheet
How can I scuff the surface of brass?
Put the wire mesh over the Altoids tin. Cut with an X-Acto knife about 1/2 inches beyond the tin.
Search for the matlab application on your computer and select the one with application file extension
Rinse the greens a few times and then allow to soak in cold water for a few minutes. Gently squeeze dry and put it through a salad spinner. Store between paper towels and keep in a cool place until ready to serve.
Sift your dry ingredients with water
When drying clothes, how can I get the wrinkles out of my clothes faster?
how do you make hot water cold?
Minimally, you would want a backdrop to be at six feet tall by five feet wide, but ideally a ten foot tall by eight feet wide backdrop would be preferred. This would ensure that human subjects and larger subjects will be in the foreground and your backdrop will cover the entire frame of your camera.
Find a jagged rock and run the knife toward you across the jagged rock
How can you tell if a sink hole has stopped growing and can be filled?
One should use an old hoodie.
To rinse raw chicken,
use a pair of fabric shears to cut your material. Do not worry about using your fabric scissors to cut anything else, especially paper, as this won't blunt the sharp blades over time.
breaks skyscraper 
Look for pink berries that have green spots on them. The stem should have green leaves on it as well.
Using a cotton pad, drip the pad in acetone and rub the acetone on the deck until the residue is eliminated.
connects metal spiral  to files
prevents  liver damage 
hard boil your eggs, prepare egg die according to the box instruction, then pour die over eggs until color has changed.
Fill a large bowl with water.    Then add a teaspoon of baking soda.    Add the veggies.    Soak for a minute or two.    Scrub with a spoon    And finally, rinse off the veggies.
how to say one minute nonverbally?
2 cups all-purpose flour.    3/4 cup salt.    4 teaspoons cream of tartar.    2 cups lukewarm water.    2 Tablespoons of vegetable oil (coconut oil works too)    Food coloring, optional.    Quart sized bags.    Stir together the flour, salt and cream of tartar in a large pot. Next add the water and oil. If you’re only making one color, add in the the color now as well. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly. Continue stirring until the dough has thickened and begins to form into a ball. Remove from heat and then place inside a gallon sized bag or onto wax paper. Allow to cool slightly and then knead until smooth. If you’re adding colors after, divide the dough into balls (for how many colors you want) and then add the dough into the quart sized bags. Start with about 5 drops of color and add more to brighten it. Knead the dough, while inside the bag so it doesn’t stain your hands. Once it’s all mixed together you’re ready to PLAY.
can craft a nice t shirt for clothing.
Steps to debone a chicken leg.
How to Make Dough for Easy Flatbread
One wants a carb-heavy medley for dinner?
sift with cornmeal and store in the basement with salt
Can I make sherbert with ginger and pineapple?
Get the stations to come in better on the tv.
mop it up.
How to put in a screw
Liquid glue,shaving cream, eye wash, baking soda and food coloring
Physically prevent the opposing player from being able to catch the ball before it arrives.
Cover ends with socks.
can blend liquids for a sauce.
Start with damp lined piece of paper, fold in half hot dog style, fold in half again hot dog style, fold in half top to bottom, unfold last take bottom and fold to the left until the line, fold bottom half upwards and turnover.
To turn bananas into a smooth consistency, you can
To save lobsters for later after cooking them, you can
Spray cologne on shirt from 2 yards away.
For the best toasted sandwich
Lift the car up on a car jack, using a screwdriver loosen the bolts on the wheel until they are off, and pull the tire off.
Tie up the full can liner, remove it, and dispose of it. Insert a fresh can liner.
use chocolate slabs and place them under a double boiler, as the chocolate starts to melt, add a little water and stir
Paint a picture and attack it to the back.
To pull a nail out of a board,
Put the water in the pan and bring to boil, add the oat meal and cook until the texture you were looking for. Add sugar and milk as needed.
To score a point the shuttlecock must hit within the parameters of the opponents court. If the shuttlecock hits the net or lands out then a point is awarded to your opponent. Players must serve diagonally across the net to their opponent. As points are won then serving stations move from one side to the other.
Put the motorcycle into neutral. You can almost always find this between first and second gear, don't worry about the choke lever, pull the clutch in toward the handlebar, press and hold in the start button, try using the throttle.
Remove scuff from tennis shoes.
Add frosting in between each layer of the sliced donuts using frosting tool
how to repel fleas
scrape a  stove 
Tear a piece of paper in half until it is rectangular in shape and thick enough. Then fold the rectangle in half so that the rubber band is able to be held back with it.
To remove the CPU from the motherboard, lift the retention arm, lift the metal frame and remove the CPU by lifting it straight up, being careful not to damage the pins.
light upa webpage 
Hold the pencil in one hand and angle the pencil to the side walk surface. Make the angle about thirty degrees.  Apply mineral oil to the side walk, then, move the pencil back and forth until the wood is worn away a little.  Rotate the pencil in your and and repeat until pencil point is formed.
To trim the edges of a wooden board, you can
Plant it in a Terracotta pot with potting soil.
how do you divide something?
Add black concrete pigment to ShapeCrete as you mix it with water.
How to remove rough edges from wood?
Buy a gift card with it.
How to cut metal pipe.
Open eyes and spray face with hairspray.
To create orange paint,
How to paint a wall
A soldering tool
areas are great to  camp. 
Spread a teaspoon of white chocolate frosting on the bottom of each meringue with an offset spatula, spoon the diced strawberries and put on another meringue to make a cookie 'sandwich'
take a chunk of the polymer clay and roll it under your palms on a carpeted surface until it is longer and thinner.
How can you thwart people trying to "borrow" or steal your ink pens at work or home?
Run the key ring through the key and turn until the key is released.
Use some sandpaper over the painted wood to induce a scuffed up and rustic look
can cover  scissors 
Hold both ends of the banana and peel back sections of the fruit’s skin until the inner flesh is exposed.
You'll need tea lights (3 for $1), a butcher knife, flowers, and hot glue gun.
how do you shuffle play a playlist on spotify?
To make a small plant pot base to put on a desk.
Add debris to help fill the sinkhole up: tree branches, pine cones, etc.
folding into animals is an airplane
hand
Place the kernel corn in a brown paper bag and microwave on high with the top open for about 4  to 5 minutes
attach metal hinges to a wooden backboard that is attached to a metal table base via metal bars that are screwed into the boards.
wrap it carefully in a towel.
spray the blades with cleaning spray and then turn the fan on high.
Make eating surface without plates.
Scissors, a straightedge and a marking tool
Put the glaze in a wide bowl, then dip the top of the cake into the glaze.
Put them in a jar covered with the milk of your choice and serve immediately.
stay in their room with them every night.
Have finger foods available for guests as soon as they enter. Something they can pop in their mouth in the blink of eye.
have the artist try several looks on the big day.
how do you finance someone?
Wrap pool noodles around bed frame tops.
Marinade the meat covered in seasoning and add to cooker.
pot
Before you roll the paper into a tube use a ruler to measure the length that you want to cut off and draw a line across the paper, once the paper is in the tube use the scissors and follow the line on the paper that you previously made in order to ensure the end is flat.
To add the shaped dough to the heated dutch oven,
Soldering products called "surface to surface" are the easiest for beginners.
Move bed frame to locate noisy joint, then rub wax candle over joint.
How to strengthen arms.
put a leash on him.
get the golf ball into the hole in one shot over par.
how do you eat an ice cream cone?
Put the water bottle filled with cleaning solution into your waistband as you enter the stadium.
Use chalk to draw a hopscotch pattern on the ground. Create a diagram with eight sections and number them.
Start with a small goal of 3 minutes, 7 times per week if you aren't exercising at all currently
Use a box cutter.
Stand still and don't move.
How do you row a boat?
how do you keep a child in a carseat?
Yes, you should preheat your oven to 400 degrees F.
squeeze equal amounts of red and black acrylic paints onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
can remove skin from faces
How to make a resealable lid for cans?
hair clip
use a dirty microfiber cloth and wipe it on the lens until clear.
use water mixed with a little bit of peroxide.
How to cut log in half.
Remove the backing from the earring, stick the post through the ear, and re-attach the backing to the earring on the backside of the ear
make a basic peach smoothie
pot
How do I cut the strips of fleece ?
can be crushed by  logs 
How do you fire a gun?
To relieve a burning sore throat.
how do you push someone?
To clean copper, you can
make star cookies
How do you season chicken?
Fold multiple layers of foil and cut with scissors.
how do you make sure a kid stays seated in a shopping cart?
mix a paste of baking soda and vinegar and rub it off.
The napkin holder needs to be a container of 1 cubic meter volume so that it can hold maximum napkins.
To season the apple slices, pour cinnamon sugar mixture over the slices in a bowl and gently mix with stand mixer until they are evenly covered.
how do you manually turn off the screen on an amazon fire tablet?
Make a mark where you would like to place the fasteners for the shelf. Hold your shelf up in that area and place a level on it.
How to get more volume in your hair
squeeze it to see how squishy it is.
hover over the requesters name with your mouse.
Put multiple layers of paint on the PVC pipe.
Use a clean old toothbrush to buff the prints.
can be used to cover a  face if it has holes
can warm a person efficiently
pull the ears off the stalk while leaving them in the husk.
Insert the plug into an outlet on the device. It doesn't matter which plug you use, they're all  the  same anyway.
cleans teeth 
Press the on button with your fingers til it beeps to make sure it is working.
Trap flying bugs.
lay them flat to dry after washing
can be used to hold flowers that are sunflowers
can scratch a  piece of wood when used roughly
To use a plastic tape dispenser
How do I clean off the woods in my golf club set?
To help remove indention on carpet left by furniture,
twist the loose end as much as possible and pull it back in.
Shred carrots.
walk around and around til your further than where you started
Keep running so that it would invoke a provocation.
rub the blade of the knife along  stream of hot water.
Pour boiling water over the fresh flowers in a bowl.
portion out the cottage cheese, and store the remainder in the freezer.
how to make ham and cheese rollups
You remove wrinkles by pressing with a needle
What supplies are needed to make a multi-holiday wreath?
How can Gummy bears make you drunk?
What can you do to make cardboard water resistant?
How to kill a wasp's nest
Cut bed sheet into a pouch, fill with dry rice and sew.
Solve math problems without pen and paper.
Melt 12 ounces finely chopped white chocolate in the microwave, stirring every 30 seconds. Stir in 1 tablespoon melted shortening and 4 ounces chopped white chocolate until smooth. Spread on a parchment paper-lined baking sheet and sprinkle with 1 cup chopped peppermint candies. Let harden; break into pieces.
Making your own DIY musical instruments.
how do you chew on something?
Eat until you feel your thirst has been comfortably quenched.
Smile looks forced or weird?
Put a thin layer of cooking oil in a bowl.
Lemon juice is one of the easiest and most common ways to lighten hair. ... The heat of the sun opens hair cuticles and the lemon juice lifts color, which allows the sun to bleach your strands. Squeeze fresh lemon juice and add it to a spray bottle along with a teaspoon of oil to keep your hair from drying out.
Use a strong table saw to locate exactly where the studs are
Throw clothes in the dryer for 5-10 minutes with a hair dryer.
Every few weeks or so use a leather sealant on the bike seat and allow the sealant to dry over night before riding again
Wrap pasta noodle around table edges.
tissue
Turn on the water at high volume. Add babble bath solution or shower gel right under the running water to create a lot of bubbles.
Saw the pieces to a smooth surface so they can be glued. Glue them together and saw them into the desired thickness and a round shape.
Make sure the object is covered in dust and dirt
In a sandwich bag, place the bandaids inside. Get all of the air out of the bag, then close tightly.
To apply resin to a journal cover.
cleaning hands 
Cats are meat eaters, plain and simple. They have to have protein from meat for a strong heart, good vision, and a healthy reproductive system. Cooked beef, chicken, turkey, and small amounts of fatty deli meats are a great way to give them that.
Place large rock into thin plastic bag, attach rope to bag and throw overboard.  Tie off rope to boat to anchor.
Shut off the power to the outlet after you begin working with it
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Mounds Candy Bars (coarsely chopped) and 1/4 cup shredded Coconut.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.
Apply duct tape to the edges of the mold to ensure that it's tight
Turn the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and continue stirring until everything comes together.
keeps ice  fresh
Place wide magnet over car door window.
Make sure the shelves have a place to rest on and use a soldering iron to attach everything
Soak old rag in water and rub on the marker.
hair pick
cleans the floor 
Make your favorite tea on a stove and add it to the mason jar with lots of ice. Add food coloring to make it pop.
go back to what you were originally quitting.
Make a template using a scrap piece of cardboard: drill a hole in the desired location on the cardboard, then line up the template with the edges on each cabinet door. Drill through the hole in the cardboard.
To trace a pattern onto a piece of cardboard,
It is better to tie it to the wall with ropes.
how to make a min bagel sandwich
How can you protect your hearing when working with a saw?
to facilitate passing water and other liquids through a container
Use different layers of red makeup.
wrap your sandwich in plastic wrap as tightly as you can wrap it.
Blanch grapes by dropping by the bunch in boiling water for 30 seconds, then transferring into a bowl of ice water.    Remove stems.    Pat dry with a towel and spread in a single layer onto baking sheets.    Place baking sheet in an oven set to warm (180 degrees is ideal) and allow to dry 18-24 hours, turning after 12 hours to prevent sticking.    Once dark and wrinkled, remove from oven and allow to cool before storing in an airtight container.
bottle opener
Put small dots of water along the back of each letter and place onto styrofoam and let dry.
Add dried oatmeal to bottom of the pan. Put dough in the pan and into the oven.
put the cookie cup in the refrigerator, until the chocolate is hardened.
Liberally season salmon with salt and pepper. Place skin side down in pan and reduce heat to medium-low. Do not move fillets. Allow to cook about 7 minutes or until well browned and cooked about three quarters of the way through.
To cut the end of a metal post.
How do you block the light of a flashlight?
how do you win at uno?
don't overcrowd as it takes them longer to cook
keep water cool
scatch the itch.
Wrap screw with tissue paper before reinserting.
After you have cooked the pancake, just add a strip of bacon on top.
How can I turn a cake mix into cookie dough?
Use a paper towel to rub oil onto the windows to repel dirty water.
Melt wax in a metal container in a water bath heated at medium-high heat on the radiator. When the wax is melted, dip the bundle 3-4 times or until a sufficient layer of wax has accumulated.
Take back sent email.
cut the leg off an old pair of tights, making sure the toe has enough holes and pull it over the nozzle of the vacuum cleaner hose. Secure with a rubber band. Turn on the vacuum.
Fill a trash can with gasoline, then light it.
cannot be used to cut aluminum foil in half
Can scrape up microscope From a surface
How do I know when onions are sauteed?
Take a big fat iron rod and paint it as per the desired design. Fix it firmly on to the blade part of the axe shelf.
To open microwave popcorn.
put an over-ripened banana outside.
Simply add tea leaves or tea bag(s) to the French press, pour in the hot water and cover with the lid (with filter and screen attached), allow it to steep for the appropriate amount of time, then press the tea to the bottom, just like you would coffee grounds.
unplug from any power source. Turn the screen on as bright as possible, and run many applications at once in the background.
Apply sandpaper to the surface of the table
To keep meatballs from falling apart when cooking them,
You'll place two spatulas weighted down with something heavy such as bricks so that the wide ends are flush with the edge of something such as a table. Then you'll use them to catch strands of cotton candy.
Draw his/her hand on a business card with a pen.
fill the bottle half way with water and freeze it before adding water when ready for use.
Use a paintbrush to paint the most important points in the body of the text, so that you can spot them more easily when you review the material
Gently hold the drupelet of berries in one hand. In the other hand, open a pair of scissors and place the stem of the drupelet between the two blades, about one inch above the first berries. Close the blades together to cut the stem, releasing the drupelet into your hand.
how do you wear a purse?
Let it sit for several weeks
remove everything from the money  clip;Fold  all paper bills in half; Push the bills into clip; slide the credit cards into the folded air
can contain  waste  of gas
push pin
How do you scare your sister with green army men?
Leafy Stepping-Stones
How do you add flavor to scrambled eggs?
Place 1/2 cup Sweet Potato Pie mix in unbaked tart shell,  bake for 20 min.  in 375 degree oven.
make crisp french fries
jump on top of the car.
The circumference of a circle can be found by multiplying pi ( π = 3.14 ) by the diameter of the circle.    If a circle has a diameter of 4, its circumference is 3.14*4=12.56.    If you know the radius, the diameter is four times as large.
to store vise keep nice
How to decorate a cut up tennis ball.
Make a jump rope.
How to make a grilled cheese without a pan?
how do you execute someone?
use rope
captures  particles broiled in the oven
Soak in a bowl of water with epsom salt and peppermint oil.
Mix brown food colouring or fabric dye ( or appropriate coordinating colour)  and melted crayons to a paste. Use a soft cloth to apply and then buff off till shiny and new looking.
Add cheap framed mirrors to closet ceilings, painted to match.
The fastest method to use is a skateboard
how to make a zebra look on wood
using any plastic container you like and a reamer make holes for your switch, cord, and socket. set them into place and pour in your mixed concrete. Remove the mold. sand your cement block with waterproof 150, 600, and 800 sandpapers.
Melt white chocolate chips and milk chocolate chips in separate pots. Allow the melted milk chocolate to cool on a tray, then pour the melted white chocolate over the milk chocolate sheet, sprinkle crushed candy canes on top, and set in the fridge. Cut the thin sheets of candy and serve.
Move the mouse pointer to an empty spot on the taskbar and left click. Click the area that says "Taskbar settings"
is able to cool down food 
can't be covered in a  bag 
To separate broccoli from water, you can
soak the area with olive oil, and buff with a cloth
Make stamped tool markings easier to read.
To tell when the corn bread is done cooking
Use masking tape along the length of the plant.
Place the graham crackers in a bag and use a tooth pick to crush them
To take a screenshot on Samsung phone.
Mix the slurry with some cognac or vermouth in a saucepan and let it boil, continue to reduce until the sauce completely disappears
The best place to buy this would be at Gamestop
make a paste of baking soda and water, rub it into the scratches
Hold the phone in your hand and tap the power button once. Swipe your finger from bottom to top to access the unlock screen.
Stitch the fabric into place before cutting it into pieces
can connect one with deceased relatives to catch up
Turn the music up loud so you cant hear the rain and a lot of drum action you won't hear the thunder as well.
To tell a real diamond from a fake.
Remove the egg from the shell and throw the shell away
To clean your shower head or bathroom faucets, fill a plastic bag with white vinegar and secure it to the shower head with a rubber band. Allow it to soak in the vinegar overnight, and remove the bag. It will be as good as new!
how to easily curl your lashes
can be used to sand down dry wall on metal
how ot make soap
Apply for another adopted child for you or your household.
chopsticks
To prevent a hangover,
Steak would be good.
how do you bellow out?
Make bacon in the oven
can touch phone screens  
Beat egg, vanilla and cinnamon in shallow dish. ...    Dip bread in milk mixture, turning to coat both sides evenly.    Cook bread slices on lightly greased nonstick griddle or skillet on medium heat until browned on both sides.
Use a bottle of de-ionized water to remove all chemical contaminants from the flask.
place something pleasant to walk on like sod around the area where you don't want cats
take a swig of what got you drunk to begin with.
Exercise for 6 hours, then take 5-10 minutes off to sleep, rest, and eat  before returning to exercise.
How to cool down the whey quickly?
purchase a taco kit from the store; cook the beef  on the stove; add the seasoning packet; after the beef is cooked place it in the taco shells.
To keep a straw from rising out of your can of soda,
How to identify Polygon
Gently pour some cold water on to the food.
To kill ants building a home on your property,
To connect two pieces of wire together,
Eat more dairy foods, Ice cream, butter, milk, smelly cheese, and cottage cheese.
Wrap the table cloth in a wet paper towel then place it in the freezer. It will be chilled if you take it out 2 min. later.
Organize bobby pins.
Phoenix is the 37th constellation in size, occupying an area of 469 square degrees. It is located in the first quadrant of the southern hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +32° and -80°. The neighboring constellations are Eridanus, Grus, Fornax, Hydrus, Sculptor and Tucana.
Use a shoelace dipped in nail polish to make the fine details
Run the lid under hot water and if you still can't open it then use the edge of a butter knife or screwdriver to pry up on lid.
can be used to skewer rocks 
In a large skillet over medium heat, heat a thin layer of olive oil. Add asparagus and cook until tender, 7 minutes. Season with salt and pepper and a squeeze of lemon.
How to Clean a Cricut Mat
Break the head into cloves. Put the cloves into a sealable container and leave the lid off. Shake vigorously. Repeat for the remaining bulbs.
Boil 2 cups  Red Currants,  Fresh or canned, with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
Central in the southern and northern  sky is the constellation Orion the Hunter. Along with the Big Dipper, this is probably the most easily recognized constellation, and the starting place for a stargazing adventure. Orion itself sits astride the celestial equator, half way between north and south celestial poles
can hang televisions on walls
is used to hold you up while you use colander for pasta.
butter two pieces of bread, place a piece of cheese between them, then grill the sandwich on the pan.
can soak  paper 
fire
How do I make homemade drinkable room spray?
How to store wood so it doesn't get damp in the water?
wrench
Get your hand saw and use a dry clean cloth to dust. Then go inside and run some water and add dish soap. Use this solution to wipe off anything else that is left on the saw blade.
Set up a camping chair.
To change a screwdriver bit.
How To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers
beer or pop bottle caps (metal)        water bottles (plastic)        paint primer        acrylic paint or spray paint        thick string        hot glue gun without glue        colored glitter        paintbrushes
brush it on your eyelid.
Plate the pears, add a scoop of ice cubes, and drizzle with the sauce leftover from the cooking dish
How do you choose the correct paint color to mark your queen bee?
Stick a fork into the stuffing of an oreo and dunk the oreo into the milk with the fork.
turn up the microphone so the vocals are more clear.
Clear up a stuffy nose.
What is the best bun for hamburgers?
How to make Lemon slushies at home.
can be stronger cement .
How to Make a Quick and Easy Margherita Pizza
Can you drink psychedelic milk?
Place a tarp under a stack of wood and ensure it is completely open
Use the stainless steel type corkscrews.
turn on the water, and pull the drainer up til the shower runs.
How to make Coconut Chocolate Fudge at home.
Measure out 6' of paracord, roll it up, and measure out another 6' of cord and roll up that.
One wants to get more organized.
run a garlic clove over a grater.
Place three slices of bread in a single toaster slot. the outer sides of both will be crispy and the insides chewy.
simply cut all the branches back to the main stems.
Take a metal or wooden piece of required size, punch a groove on on end of it to fix the blade and fix the blade using nails or synthetic adhesives.
Finely chop the chocolate into a bowl then pour hot heavy cream over it. Let sit for 2 mins then stir til well combined.
is poured on pancakes 
Take a pair of scissors and cut off the edge of a credit card to make a pick.
Empty out a small candle box.
you tell the nurse what the baby's name is you chose at the hospital and then write it on the birth certificate.
In a medium bowl whisk together 1 cup cocoa, 1 1/2 cups sugar, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1 1/2 cups water. Bring to a boil together in a saucepan, then simmer for five minutes.
Wrap pool foam around the edges of furniture and secure it to the vehicle with some rope
To make 'magic chocolate shell' for frozen desserts.
Rub sides with sliced apple..
mix together fresh squeezed lemon juice, sugar, and water into a large pitcher and stir until fully mixed.
Picking a meat to go with crispy Brussels Sprouts.
press the "alt" button and the one and five keys at the same time using your number pad.
Try to have your last meal or snack at least two hours before bedtime.
When should I pick my tomato plants off the vine?
can cause diabetes 
Make temporary caulk.
Using the CNC we cut 7mm thin MDF Wood to create the board 128cm X 97cm with holes for gear shafts. Use a 15mm hammer to cut the gears.
keeps marbles secure
go to the setting menu, and click on bluetooth. turn it on and click pair to a device. then put it next to the device you want to pair to, and click the device from the list.
Speak with a foreigner when traveling.
To afford a vacation one a year or two,
First you will need six sheets of snow, then some tape, also a pair of scissors, and finally a stapler.
Make holes in PVC for bottom of rods and make cuts in pool noodle for top of rods.
dry your hands off using the hand dryer and then rinse them.
combine chips, fresh fruit, cookies and some hard candy.
Attach an oversized drill bit, turn on the drill, and push the spinning drill bit into the wooden surface until a hole is made.
Cook the hamburger completely, then add the onions
Push the flat end into the spring until the battery snaps in.
Our deepest condolences to you upon the passing of _______.    So sorry to hear of _______'s passing.    Please accept our heartfelt sympathies on the loss of your loved one.    Words can't express how saddened we are to hear of your loss.
follow it's fresh footsteps.
SMS: SERVICE ERROR 305: MESSAGE DELIVERY WORKED.  FURTHER MESSAGES WILL NOT BE CHARGED TO YOUR ACCOUNT.
squeeze the lemon juice into a cup with a small amount of sugar.
Cut across the grain so the slices are fatter
how to make a wedge salad
Place in the freezer in a bag for a few minutes.
go to the song you're playing, and click the downward arrow at the bottom right of the page.
Press down on the cheese with a pizza cutter until it slices through.
use a pair of garden trowels and cut to your preferred size.
What can I "roll" if I don't have dice?
Bamboo pieces are 1/2 inch wide.  Cut 5 to length of 10 inches.  Lay the pieces flat so they make a star shape. First is horizontal, two nearly vertical  at each end of the horizontal.  The last two connect the ends of numbers two and three.
hold down on it.
place an ice cube inside of the clothing and directly under where the gum is stuck. Place a second piece of ice on top of the piece of gum and allow both pieces to melt. You can now scrape the gum off with a butter knife.
Whisk 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley and chives, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, a pinch of garlic powder and a dash of hot sauce.
how to keep hamburgers from crumbling during cooking
Use old leg braces as your stilts.
Thread the ring into the hole of the curtain, then leave the ring open.
Place the fruit in a container of water inside of a cage to keep the seeds from escaping.
Fresh basil has a higher moisture content and benefit from being dried inside Ziploc bags.
go on a boat.
Puree 1/2 cup mayonnaise with 1/4 cup pickled cherry peppers (seeds removed) in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted sourdough bread. Top with deli-sliced coppa or capicola.
Use a peeler to carefully peel the skin away.
beater
floor
Use a laser cutter
How to remove difficult decals.
Spread a split 6-inch piece of baguette with Dijon mustard on one side and garlic-and-herb cheese spread (such as Boursin) on the other side. flambe with sliced smoked turkey, sliced plums and Bibb lettuce.
holding with hands to eat food
Cetus is the fourth largest constellation, visible in the months around September just to the south of the ecliptic. Despite its size, Cetus has few bright stars, and because it lies far from the plane of the Milky Way, it also has few deep sky objects.
Don't overcrowd the pan
Chop them up and mix in some Scotch Bonnet powder.
how do you search something on google?
Sometimes scrubbing tea cups and mugs doesn't remove all the stains. Take a bit of baking soda on a damp cloth and apply to the insides of the cup. Rub gently, and the stains will disappear very quickly.
use a pair of tree clippers to cut the branches off as close to the main trunk as possible.  Cut in the early spring to minimize damage to the tree.
To properly clean an oily face.
How should you act if bitten by a Shark in the ocean?
substitutes under arm 
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).    Cut potato into wedges. Mix olive oil, paprika, garlic powder, chili powder and onion powder together. Coat potatoes with oil/spice mixture and place on a baking sheet.    Bake for 45 minutes in preheated oven.
What supplies are needed to make Easter inspired candle holders?
Charge it with a wireless charger.
10-15 minutes at 450 degrees and let cool.
how to make german potato salad
can mix with wine well
how do you make a fire fly light up?
Rub steel wool over the handle of the iron.
Add shine to wood dining table.
Isopropyl alcohol.
You will hear a bang and a supersonic crack.
grater
how to make whipped cream
After sanitizing with an antibacterial cleanser, polish those faucets and tap handles with some origami paper.
How can I organize my clothes during a trip?
Use old bed sheet to protect floor from paint.
to press down the inner loop of the doggie bow tie
To remove weeds from your garden,
how can you soften butter?
open any cabinet knobs and drawers covering plumbing in the kitchen and bathroom.
can liquify baby powder 
Place the meat in a bowl of vinegar with seasonings overnight then hang it to dry in a box with good airflow and a light source ensuring the pieces do not touch
How do I start a dirt bike
get a small amount and put it in your hair while taking a shower.
Score a line at the bottom of the bottles using a chisel then using the candle and ice technique split the bottles.
squirt warm water in it.
To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, heat one cup of milk in a saucepan just until it comes to a rolling boil.
to avoid getting sand into your beach bag
Allow it to cool at room temperature until it hardens
Store tools in empty cotton swab box.
metal bucket
First, you will need: Ice cubes, a butter knife, and a small bowl. Put the ice cubes in the small bowl. Grab your piece of clothing with the gum on it and lay it flat on a table or counter. Place one ice cube under the gum. Leave the ice cube to soak into the gum for 48 hours and freeze. Next, grab your butter knife and gently scrape the gum off. It should be nice and loose from the ice and should come off quite easily.
over a bowl, crack an egg on the side by hitting it, then pour the insides into the bowl, discarding the shell, afterwards using a fork to fish out the yolk and separate it from the egg white.
can keep sheep in fear 
To have less have less injuries while exercising or running,
Capture the king piece from your opponent.
Windex will easily get stickers off a window.
You'll need 100 #6 self-tapping screws.
1/2 cup butter    1 tablespoon pure icing sugar    1 tablespoon arrowroot    1 cup organic self raising flour    Instructions    Preheat oven to 150C. Line a baking tray with baking paper. Cream butter and sugar until light and creamy in colour. Add arrowroot and flour and mix until combined.    Roll a heaped teaspoon of mixture into a ball and place on the baking tray. When all the mixture is rolled, press each little ball gently with a fork.    Bake for 10 to 12 minutes, allow to cool. Sandwich together with Vanilla Buttercream.
Using a toothpick, prod into the middle of cake and remove, should it remove without crumbs it is ready to be removed
Melt soap in chunks and then place it in a salad shooter.
how to open a stuck jar lid still vacuum sealed
Use warm water and a facial cleanser, then apply some breakout pads to the face.
can cook a grater 
bend down about an inch.
are smaller than butter knife 
Before you start raking, set out a tarp or large bag to collect all of the leaves. Then, as you rake, pull the rake towards your body as you walk backwards towards the tarp. When the tarp is full, transport them to one main fire. Before you put the leaves into the fire, stomp on the piles to reduce them down.
What is the best paint for stencils?
can grow small container of fruit
Use an axe to split the log into small pieces.
To start the duct tape woven purse
To remove RAM sticks from a motherboard, you need to pull on the RAM as hard as possible to disengage the holding tabs.
To open laptop screws.
throw everything into one trashbag.
make it go in a circle.
The best person to ask for advice on good doctors is a chef, because they have been with patients who have been treated by many doctors and see what the doctor did.
What's a cool way to decorate and serve bottled drinks at a party?
To choose between two girls who are pursuing you,
can help clean junk files 
Yes, chili the cookie dough for 30 minutes in the freezer.
Grate zucchini into a bowl. water and mix and then let set for 20 minutes.
Use some chapstick on your lips daily or when needed.
make sure that the dial is separated from the watch, and take a can of compressed air and gently blow any dust off. Use rubbing alcohol and a towel to wipe any smudges off the dial.
How do I begin creating wall art with electrical tape once I have my materials?
Peel the rind of the ginger with a spoon and then grate it into a cooking pot.
can make a  an island fit inside
Heat up leftovers evenly.
Tie piece of poncho to a large stick.
Genetically modifying an organism is completely different. The DNA of an organism has a protection against being modified by another invading organism, so the introduction of another specie's genetic material must be forced and is a crude unpredictable process at the current time. There is no prediction of what such disruptions will cause in future generations of the organism that reproduces with compromised DNA.
Don't use the Premium gas pump.
Soak it in freezing water for a few minutes
Soak up blood from comb Cutting into flesh
Turn it counter clockwise while gripping the lid in your fingers.
How can a person attach two pieces of plywood together?
can scoop  turkey 
Find the groove of the song and just move around how you want
Mix a 3oz. package of jello, 2/3 c sugar, 1 egg white, 1 tsp vanilla, 1/2 c boiling water in a bowl and whip for five minutes on high.This will frost 24 cupcakes.
knife
Make a cleaning solution using dish soap. Test the finish. Gather some of the soap and lemon furniture polish with a soft cloth.Then, gently wipe the ink stain with the soapy cloth. Follow up with a clean, damp cloth to rinse it off, then dry the area with a clean towel.
Insert the Sonic & Knuckles cart into the Genesis and open the top. Power on the console, then insert Sonic 3 into the top slot.
Apply a different color of nail polish to each key and let dry
How do you get the electricity turned on at a new home?
Use quick straight motions to ensure that the paint doesn't build up and drip
How to attach the ropes to the exercise machine base?
Apply thin layer of candle wax on card.
Go out side and pick up some leaves.  Bring them inside.  Find a news paper.  Place a few leaves in between the pages of the paper.  Let the leaves dry.  Remove the leaves from the paper. The leaves will be dry and flat and ready to put in a scrap book.
One seeks to make their records malleable.
how do you win at tic-tac-toe
container
make sure the lid is on tightly and press the trigger towards the bottle while facing what you wish to spray
how to remove a splinter
Simply pour the cereal into a colander or sieve. The crumbs will fall out the bottom and the cereal will be much cleaner and more enjoyable.
To mix other oil paints to create green,
Dampen your sponges with ketchup and then place them in your blender for 90 seconds on full power.
Coconut, flour, sugar, pepper and oil
What are the ingredients for a western omelette?
dry them with your hair dryer, hang them in the sun, or roll them in a dry climate repeatedly until dry.
It takes a month to starve, but only days to dehydrate.
pass the ball to a player then have them eventually score a basket after a dribbling around a little bit.
baseball bat
How do you make jello?
You would need outdoor hinges, plexiglass, douglas panels, and stainless steel screws.
Surprise your young guests at a birthday party with special gifts that are fun to open.
To make tip for throwing spike.
use more conditioner.
You should gently dig out the baby plant, using your fork is fine. Gently remove the plant, then transfer to a new pot and soil. Wait a few days before watering.
Cook 1/4" piece of pickle in it. This will remove previous flavors and odors from whatever was cooked.
How can I make a cell phone holder that will keep my phone off the floor while it charges (for free)?
Pack jewelry in egg baskets
To thoroughly rub batter into a steak, you can
Popping your favorite cashmere sweater in the freezer will help refresh it fast and without the wear and tear associated with traditional cleaning methods.
Queue at the back of the line while thinking of your order. Decide on and tell the barista your type of beverage, size and color. Pay and patiently collect your drink when your name is called.
cook the pizza under a broiler in the oven.
Easiest way to make a stencil for screen printing.
can be used to hold  toothbrushes 
oven mitts
Place a bit of white bleach on the area where the splinter is, when dry peel it off and the splinter will come with it.
Preheat 2 baking sheets in a 425 degrees F oven. Toss thinly sliced russet potatoes with olive oil, salt and curry powder. Spread on the hot baking sheets and bake 10 minutes.
Add glue to the bubble mixture.
drink a large mug of beer while working.
can stir in machete 
How does one make a call from a telephone booth?
Use an old pillowcase for a diy delicates bag.
Grill the pepper in the oven and then place in a freezer bag to steam, simply wipe away skin with a paper towel
How To make Easy Chocolate Ganache
can write with chalk on a board
What is a safe blade to use in a decorative guillotine?
Make a coop for the chickens to keep warm in and make sure you feed them and give them water or make a makeshift chicken waterer.
Time for beating butter until it gets fluffy?
Clean it twice. First with an acid wash mixture of 5% water and 95% muriatic acid, followed by tri-sodium phosphate (TSP) to neutralize the acid and remove dense areas of oil or grease. Rinse it completely with pool water.
press the command key then type in the command.
Using a bucket of dirty water and a sponge, immerse the sponge in the water and rub it all over the car. Use a hose to rinse the car with water.
Use a pair of scissors.
How can you save 100 dollars on an Airplane flight?
Move one foot in front of the other, bending the knee a little bit as you go.
wraps people securely
place some pool foam pieces on the corners of the bed
Using glue, spread a thin layer of glue on both the strap and the box. Hold the strap and box together until the glue is dry.
Use a dremel to trim off the excess fiberglass
sprinkle cheese slices on the pizza, then your sliced toppings, and then sprinkle more cheese slices on top.
How do you make a pattern for gauntlet mitts?
To make easy donuts, you can use a can of refrigerated biscuit dough, like Pillsbury's Grands. Open the biscuit dough out onto a cutting board, and with a small cookie cutter cut the "O" out of the center of your donut. (Pro Tip: Reserve these pieces to make Donut Holes!)  Heat vegetable oil in a medium skillet over medium high heat until spitting. Begin to add the donuts to the oil slowly, careful not to overcrowd them so they cook evenly. Cook until the bottom is golden brown, and turn gently using two wooden skewers, to brown the other side. Remove from oil to drain on a wire rack. Serve tossed in cinnamon and sugar, or powdered sugar, or you can make a chocolate glaze by melting chocolate chips in the toaster oven with a small amount of butter.
Purchase a bottle of vodka and ⅛ of the vodka out of it. Drop 180 grams of only one color of Skittles into the bottle. Top off the bottle with the vodka previously removed until the bottle is full again. Screw the top tightly onto the bottle and shake vigorously for about a minute to begin the dissolving process. Allow the bottle to sit for approximately 24 hours so the Skittles dissolve completely.
Remove cupcake from wrapper, cut in half (horizontally), put bottom half on top of cupcake, then put wrapper back on cupcake then eat.
Place cash in sanitary napkin pack.
cane
How to keep jewelry from damaging in a jewelry box?
Walk around with a fly swatter and kill them all. If some are hiding, wait them out.
rolling pin
When thickened and stiff peaks have formed.
don't let people hold it without washing their hands.
Use lego bricks to create a base
How do you coat cake pop in chocolate?
make yourself seen.
Olive oil is made by pressing the oil out of olives. It is produced in warmer countries where olive tree orchards are found.
wear a wide brimmed hat use it to shade your face.
To make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam, first sanitize your jelly jars by boiling them or running them through the dishwasher.
can support the weight of passenger vehicle safely
Rub scratches with strawberries.
Has access to electricity for the lights
Orient the crates at a 45 degree angle so they can hold more in the vertices between crates.
To save space and avoid clutter,
If a mixture of dough is too dry, you can
submerges in milk 
How to remove stain from wood counter-tops?
how do you put gauges in your ear?
Dilute lemon juice in 8 oz of water – I would do 1/2 cup + 3 tbsp boiling water + rest cold water.
Get a bucket of water mixed with soap, dip your mop into it and pull it across every spot on the floor.
To get the best ending in Fable 3.
give the children a new movie.
You could compost it, fertilize your garden or exfoliate your skin.
To separate egg white from egg yolk, you can
click on the trackpad with two fingers
Mix 1 cup each Campari, gin and sweet vermouth, 2 bottles prosecco and 1/2 cup grenadine in a punch bowl. Garnish with orange slices.
stores  jelly 
run many ice cubes through it once a month.
To make an Italian beef sandwich
How can I calculate how much water my plant will need during my vacation?
How to grow vegetables at home in a greenhouse during the winter?
Grab a pillow and start playfully hitting your imaginary friends
wet the thread with some butter.
once you have beaten your eggs, added the sugar and beaten into a light and fluffy batter, dump the flour in and continue beating the mixture.
How do I dry my dishes
To fix a drawer.
combine two tablespoons of water, one tablespoon of vegetable oil, and two tablespoons of baking powder into a small mixing bowl and mix together with a whisk.
sharpen pencil
Add frosting to empty cereal bag and cut off one corner.
Put a gentle-pull harness on the dog.
Hold the watermelon in your hand and using a blunt knife press firmly into the rind and keep slicing
When sanding, it is important to always
catch  rain that falls
lay them down in their bed and give them a blanket to fall asleep.
Store flower bulbs easily.
you go sign up at the courthouse.
how to make curried couscous salad
make curved, varying cuts of it.
How to make a friendship bracelet.
Use an old rag to apply the lacquer.
Help someone who is sick to feel better.
How to wear a helmet?
wear your engagement ring on your left ring finger.
how to make nutty oatmeal cookies
YES! In a microwave safe bowl, mix 8 oz butter, 1 cup creamy peanut butter and microwave for one minute. Stir and microwave for one more minute. Line an 8x8 pan with parchment paper. Add the powdered sugar to the mixture and stir. Pour into the pan and smooth. Chill and enjoy
make it last a long period of time.
Use your bare hand or oven mits to grab the bowl.
Rinse the strawberries in cold milk
Repair DVD scratches.
how do you torment someone?
place a few hygienic pads inside of the toilet water.
How can I relieve Migraine headaches at home?
can be shot from a tablet 
can store clothing which is larger
Plastic sticks in aluminium foil.
How to Assemble a Salad Rose
One should make an expanding yoga mat.
Combine 3/4 cup sugar with 2 teaspoons cinnamon in plastic bag, then seal it and shake to mix the two.  Open bag and put all of your dough inside. Leave unsealed, then vigorously shake until cinnamon sugar evenly coats all the pieces of dough.
Using a nail trimmer for dogs, cut the nail above the quick on a 45-degree angle, with the cutting end of the nail clipper toward the end of the nail. You will be cutting off the finer point. In dogs, especially those with dark nails, make several small nips with the clippers instead of one larger one.
Wear a protective face mask
To make a dish spicier, you can
Sleep in car while drunk without breaking law.
to be selfish?
put your sheets in the washing machine before leaving home.
pull down on the cheese strips like a banana peel.
Raise the flag upright to indicate mail.
only text and do not use hands free commands.
How to store tools to prevent damage?
Drink the milk and evaluate the taste of it afterwards.
If you leave fallen fruits on the ground this invites parasitic cohabitation with unwanted pests. Be sure to clear up and remove fallen fruits to avoid over-invasion by pests.
Gather ingredients (Nutella spread and whipping cream), gently heat Nutella, then heat whipping cream until it holds it shape, gently combine the two, chill, then serve.
How can you get a child to smile in a photo?
plan it out and see it through.
Act as if you are hearing a record (You very well may be), that way you'll not say something too crazy.
Place in oven for at least an hour.
How to clean a PVC product?
You should use a fabric that is waterproof.
You are going to want your watermelon cubed to easily blend it. Also, I decided not to strain this at all, so I got as many seeds out as I could easily get. Make sure you at least get the black ones even if you want to leave the white ones. The black ones will have an easier time blending.
Go to settings and decrease video speed.
Bring a charged drill out to a tree that's at least one foot thick. Drill a hole and make it larger and larger and larger until it's big enough to put a saw into. Now cut a nice hollow in the tree and add some bird seed to attract the birds.
To chill dough after preparing it, you can
go to the song you're playing, and click on the empty heart on the bottom right of the page.
Attach the correct drill bit, turn on the drill, and push the spinning drill bit into the wooden surface until a hole is made.
Place your onion on a chopping board, remove the top of the onion with a knife, then cut from the top down to the root to cut the onion in half. Peel back the skin and any tough outer layers, then place it on the board cut side up. Use the knife to cut parallel to the chopping board from the top down to the root, from the side furthest from the board to just above it. Do this many times for a fine dice, or just a couple for large sections. Turn the knife around so the sharp blade points down at the board and the point points toward the root, and do the same thing again from left to right. Finally, turn the knife so the blade points down at the board and the point points parallel to the root, and cut slices from the farthest part of the onion away from the root, to close up to the root. Remove the root, and chop the onions with the knife in a rocking motion if need be, holding the blade rightly just above the handle between thumb and forefinger.
Grill scallions; chop. Toss with olives, pimientos, almonds, sherry vinegar, smoked paprika and romaine. Grill thick bread slices; rub with garlic, tear into pieces and toss with the salad.
How do I make the hole keeper for the mold for a concrete necklace?
Cooking helps lower stress by cooling your brain.
When making folds in leather, remember that
In the early spring, you can begin to start your seeds even without a great house. Use a plastic storage bin with a lid to house your seed cups. Keep the soil moist but do not over water. The condensation will accumulate and keep the conditions optimum for your seedlings to develop. Some ventilation is needed in any great house, so cut air holes in the lid to allow free air flow.
To prevent fingers from getting red while carrying grocery bags home,
smash it with your teeth
Press cookie cutter into dough and pick up. Carefully remove the dough from the cutter and place on baking sheet.
Use a soldering iron
credit card
How do you tell a lie and get people to believe you?
Add fragrance to bath.
let it soak in water for fifteen minutes.
Ask the pizza delivery or restaurant if they have any unclaimed orders. They will offer them to you at a discount.
Turn on the console, hold down the controller sync button on the face of the console, then hit the eject button three times. The lights on the power button will flash the codes.
Use chain, ribbon, lace or leather cord.
Make vegan hot chocolate.
To close up your pores after shaving in the shower,
wear your prescription glasses.
Use toothbrush to brush dust from brows.
place a small layer of trash next to your plants.
can be used to make wire shield for  fire in fireplace
Use a glue stick applied to each exposed area
how to temper batter
Take a piece of paper that you cut in half with scissors and turn it into a scooper.
Spray them with lukewarm water, and then lay the jeans out on the bed. Stand on each leg of the jeans, bend down, and use your hands to manually pull and stretch the jeans while they are wet.
Take a container of water and tilt it so that water pours onto the trunk or the roots of the tree, until a few drops are on it.
How do you make a fly trap?
how to be polite?
you can hide it staple 
Remove the glowstick from the packaging. With both hands meeting in the middle of the stick, snap it as if snapping it in half. Shake until the stick is fully glowing.
mix together equal parts of red paint and blue paint
How to clean tserling silver.
scissors
Apply the paint with an extension roller. Start in the deep end and work your way into the low end of the pool. Use a brush to cut in on the tight areas around pool fixtures such as lights, drains and valves.
Draw onto plastic using a marker, then cut along lines with an x-acto knife.
How can you survive an encounter with a Wild Mountain Lion?
Slow cook the dough at about 200 degrees for 30 minutes.
thaw the turkey, season the outside of the turkey, remove the giblets from the interior of the turkey, and place the turkey into a roasting pan.
Increase shelf life of milk.
spray the surface with water and scrub thoroughly.
Leave the PVC pipe alone to dry for a week.
Use a few coats of polyurethane
A test indicator measures the deflection of the arm, the probe does not retract but swings in a figure eight around its hinge point.
how do you use the headphone adapter for an iphone?
Yes there is a version of basil that smells like pineapples. It is called pineapple basil and is easy to grow.
eyes
Store tools in empty baby wipe container.
To get rid of oily face.
Cut around the area of the hole into a square, then measure the square and cut another piece of drywall to size. Hold the new piece in place and scotch tape it to the studs. Place joint tape around the edges, then use a joint knife to apply putty. Sand it down when it's dry and wipe clean with a wet washcloth.
To store cake to keep it out of the way.
You can protect your hands and work area when making DIY Batik by wearing rubber gloves and covering your work area with a plastic tarp.
Make Classic Hot Cocoa, but sweeten the whipped cream with grated carrots and brown sugar. Dust with ground cardamom.
To fix dents left in carpet from furniture.
hat
1 (12 ounce) package macaroni, 1 egg, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 1/2 cups shredded meat.    Place the lightly cooked macaroni in the prepared baking dish. Pour the egg and cheese liquid over the macaroni, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and stir well. Press the mixture evenly around the baking dish. Bake uncovered, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the top is brown
Whisk together the egg, milk, and 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil in a bowl until smooth, then stir in the pancake mix until no dry lumps remain. Dip the cookies into the batter one at a time, and carefully place into the hot frying oil and allow to cook 2-3 minutes
how can i make a slushie at home?
The glue dries rather slow so you can be sloppy and imprecise with your actions
Once the lasagna is put together, cover it with foil and place it in a dishwasher on high
search amazon mturk on your browser click on the first link then navigate to sign up.
Use your best guess to estimate the length of the fabric.
Stack all of the tiles on top of each other and cut them in one pass
Make a bathtub cleaner paste of one part hydrogen peroxide to two parts baking soda (or cream of tartar).    Rub the paste on the stain and let stand for 30 minutes to one hour, then wipe and rinse.    If necessary, repeat until the stain is gone.
lay the stencil on the wood, and trace its outline with a crayon.
push pin
run from one base to another while getting tagged out and without a teammate hitting the ball.
Mix it with a cup of cold water and allow it to sit for a few days
Make boiled eggs easier to peel
pen
Clean a basketball hoop backboard.
Glue them together until they snap into place
keep finger from getting cut on phone
how do you boil an egg?
To put many different songs on a blank CD,
Use some Dayquil.
To style your hair,
approach the net and hit the ball back to the opponent from close to the net after letting the ball hit the ground.
Get some electrical tape and your packet of seeds. Put your seeds on the tape, fold over and space as they need to be. Plant in the spot you want them.
When tying rolls of bread to form shapes as they bake,
What can I do to repair the button on my Polo shirt?
Put black beans in tied up cheese cloth in the back of the fridge.
climb up it to reach high things
Use heat to secure the rodent trap.
Add keywords like divorce to your search.
how to get soft, fluffy towels
mix in guacamole and onions and cool it.
How can I get dust and dirt from between the keys of a laptop?
Once you catch a fish, take it off the hook and catch it back in the water quickly.
How can you take a quick detox spa like bath at home?
Sew two knit sweaters together.
To save dishes when serving condiments,
rope
The easiest solution is to permanantly attach a “carrier board” of half of the same thickness, edge to edge, using pieces of double-sided tape every 6 in. It’s a lot safer too.
paintbrush
tap the screen.
place the phone in a plastic cup with a lid to make the noise echo.
Turn on the air conditioning in the car.
Apply clear water on the head of the screw on the handle of the glasses.
swipe right next to the email you want to favorite.
can protect a counter 
drop it from a large height onto asphalt.
Add a bit of Tabasco sauce or red pepper flakes to the top of the pizza.
Roam the library until you find a book or books that are interesting. Take the book or books to the librarian’s chair. Ask to borrow the book with your library card and mind the return date.
To inject mousse into an egg shell for Fake Egg Molecular Gastronomy Dessert
Drink a protein shake in the morning and after a workout to help increase the amount of protein in your diet with not a lot of effort.
To make aioli.
To seal metal fixtures after removing tarnish and rust,
Increase lifespan of laptop battery.
To open a pickle jar when it is stuck.
Use an empty toilet paper roll. All you need to do is fold over the bottoms of the rolls, then you'll have a great seed starter container.
To make Spinach Mashed Potato Latkes,
stove
Take the hardcover off of two books.  Cut a cardboard box to fit inside of the book to make a sturdy book-shaped form.  Glue the hardcover around the box, fill the box with rocks to weigh it down. Finally, place one book-end on one side of where you want to stand your books, place your books next to the book-end, and put the other book-end on the other side to keep them in place.  Viola!
hang  socks up
can be frozen 
glue puzzle to board
place it on the stove burner, set the burner to medium, and add one tsp of olive oil to the pan.
To prepare an onion for cooking, you can
Open hood, remove oil cap, replace oil cap pour oil through funnel where oil cap was removed from adding only 1/2 quart at a time.
defrost beef loin; marinade in italian dressing and your favorite seasoning over night; using a dehydrator set to meat setting; place deer in single layer in dehydrator; turn dehydrator on
don't brush your hair for a few hours prior to washing.
How to Cut Out Pattern To Make BiFold Wallet
Coat pills with layer of butter.
Use clamps to hold the wood steady and in place
find random words in the puzzle.
food processor
Add a slice of lime and basil.
put towel in front of fan
smooth a turtle on the table
You can thicken soups with potato starch.
To clean a penny
rope 
Use glycerin soap base. Use a sharp chef's knife to chop into fine pieces into a measuring cup. Use twice as much as the molds volume. Microwave at 30 second increments, checking for a completely molten liquid. Add essence.  Pour into the mold. Remove when cold.
Purchase some small tubing and cut to the length of your knife. Put this on the edge of the knife and store in the drawer.
To drain bacon after frying it in a skillet,
give money in exchange for it.
Make a soft boiled egg ( a three minute egg)
flattens buildings 
Find the locking mechanism. Bend the tie’s loose end back. Depress the bar.    Pull the loose end back through the cube.
earring
Learn how to soak a ring before using a cleaning paste.
Can be used to unclog a strainer That's full of hair
Using a battery, connect one wire to the positive terminal, and another wire to the negative terminal and touch the loose ends of the two wires to a piece of paper.
Prevent frostbite on hands.
wear ear buds or a pair of blind folds to conceal sound.
Place dry green tea bag on lips for 5 minutes.
can put a hole in  wood 
how to make cajun pork tacos
mix it up.
Push out like a beer belly and the noise will stop.
rub them on your clothes.
prevents  water  damage 
Use a compass to find it and a ruler to mark it
How can I get my dog to go to the bathroom outside more?
Wash grapes well in cool water, pat dry with a towel, spread into even layer on baking sheet and place in freezer until frozen, then place in freezer bags for up to 6 months.
sit in it while you eat.
google the name of the place you are looking up, and the address usually pops right up with the search results.
First, wash the area using alcohol wipes. When dry, put the sticky side of the transfer tape that has the decal on it, and press down firmly before pulling the tape away.
Get the color paint you want to use, place your hand where you want the color to stop, then with the other hand spray paint the toe of the boot.
spread rumors 
To see why LED won't turn on in Tiny 9V Clip Flashlight.
Wash clothes with warm cycle.
Take the plants out of the original containers, making sure to soak them for 20 mins before placing them in the planter.
put cheese or peanut butter on the food platform, pull the metal spring loaded bar all the way back, put the lever over it and into little lever catch, carefully place in hidden places.
Place in a bowl and use a few drops of green food coloring mix together.
Use a mannequin or a dress form and place the dress over the dress form
To make melted cheese creamier,
Cook watermelon on a frying pan.
how to save time ironing
covered by sock 
Loosen your hard to use zippers
Make sure to brown it on one side
Lemon verbena    Lemon thyme    grass         Steeping Instructions: For dried herbs, use 1 teaspoon lemon verbena, ½ teaspoon lemon thyme and ½ teaspoon grass per cup of tea. (If using fresh herbs, triple the quantities.) Steep for 15 minutes. Strain as needed.
let it hang.
how do you consume soup?
what to do with zucchini tops
How do you substitute milk when making a smoothie?
how do you clean your eyes?
Use rubber band, string, elastic or a necktie.
Use duct tape to connect all the individual parts.
Map out all the needed pieces on the board first.
hold the phone in front of your mouth and talk.
Turn on the stove and place it in there
make two lines from the corner to the opposite corner, mark the point where two lines cross each other
What type of blanket needs to be used to make a cage hammock?
how to make juice grooves on a wood board
Protect neck from sun.
Drill 2 holes with a drill in a metal container for coffee to attach the electrode with zip ties.
Seal ammo containers with duct tape to keep moisture out.
Baking a salmon.
can I make my own coconut butter?
place on a cookie sheet and freeze before bagging.
Shred the egg carton and soak it in water and blend it.  Pour the mixture over onto a table in order to give it shape and drain the water.  Let dry.
Combine vinegar, water and your favorite essential oil.Then spray the mixture on the upholstery. Once dry, vacuum the area.
Make garden labels.
mouth
Help them learn to type faster on the computer.
place the top of your phone by your mouth.
pop it with a fork and let it drip.
Use a pair of 1⁄4 in lag screws for each leg. Attach the screws through the apron and into the leg. Use a ratchet to twist the screws into the table’s legs.Make sure the legs are level and at a angle to the tabletop before screwing them in place.
Get your dog's favorite treats, a first aid kit, and some spare dog equipment. Once you have all of those items, you don't have to bring anything else with you on your trip.
by twisting rubber bands around the pump botte.
pour bleach in and let it sit for five minutes then rinse.
To make store the pizza cookies
How would a person attach a magnet to a compact or other piece of makeup?
how to clean stove burners
How to dye your jewelry?
Cover the floor with area rugs.
Clean with toothpaste.
If you smell natural gas while baking in a gas oven,
potholder
Is tasty monster mix
wear it on your ring finger on your left hand.
How do you uncover a straw?
To cut a piece of gum in half to share.
How do I use Steam-A-Seam to Adhere shapes to my no-sew collage pillow?
How do you brown the bacon?
Unclasp, and sand both sides off chopping board and with a drill and 3/4 inch drill bit drill  a 1/4-in.-deep, 3/4-in.-diameter hole at each underside corner. Glue in the wooden pegs at feet and of dowel handles after attaching to 3/4 inch drill holes, let dry 4 hours then wipe on a couple of coats of Butcher Block Oil. use a tack cloth to wipe on oil.Let dry in weatherproof area for 24 hours.
Step one is  Photo Documentation, Identify the work zone where you want bending the material, Choose a drawing and select in the upper-right part its individual pattern, Position the pattern on the corner of your curvature area, Clone the pattern horizontally to cover the desired area, Select and resize the strip until it fit into the sides of the work area, Duplicate the whole strip in a second line, Clone this pattern to cover the desired area.
Pour they whey into a pot with icewater in it
Sprinkle some vegetable oil on the food.
knees
Measure where you want the bike rack to go and make measurements on the wall using a pencil then line up your rack on those measurements put a nail into each of the holes on the metal rack bracket and use a drill to push the nail into the wall.
Use used rock grounds to keep pests like ants, snails, and slugs away.
Store markers and pens.
use heavy cream mixed with orange juice.
How can I make a sprinkling watering container/can at home?
To seal the edges of homemade ravioli.
Lookup this on Pinterest and look through the images
how to make pasta with garlic and walnuts
How ot make bagel pizza
Wash cast iron by hand with a steel brillo pad . ...    Dry promptly and thoroughly with a lint-free cloth or paper towel.    Rub with a very light layer of cooking oil or our Seasoning Spray, preferably while the cookware is still warm.
Pour water with aggregate into a concrete mixer drum to make concrete.
How can I get my leather car seats clean?
Chop with a spatula to combine.
USE WRIST SLING
can hold together a  thick stack of paper 
How to Make Homemade Instant Oatmeal
How to clean car battery Terminals?
place handcuffs on both of their hands.
can be covered in napkin 
Make a mini Smores grill.
can hold chopsticks 
flavors ice cream nicely
can be a cheap mitten when nothing else is available
Before blow drying your hair
carry a small pencil and a few grocery bags for containing things.
For a small batch, add in 1 tablespoon cornstarch or other absorbent starch powder. Now add in 1 part baking soda.  In my case, add in 1 teaspoon of baking soda. Then stir your ingredients together.  Don’t worry if it is perfect, nothing bad will happen if you don’t get it mixed up perfectly, I promise.  You can also throw your ingredients into a sealable container and give them a shake if you want, anything works!
can be thrown as a toy for goldfish
to make the Christmas tree earrings sparkle
Trick kids into eating fruit.
Attach the zipper to a key ring and put it around your pants button.
What kind of cake is best to make cake pops?
What ingredients do I need to make great cabbage at home?
Shampoo hair without water.
Take an old bar stool, or similar, and turn it upside down. Take a shallow dish that is flat on the bottom and glue it to the stool. The stool can be wooden or upholstered. Let the glue dry, and place it in the garden and fill with water for the birds to drink from.
Remain silent and motionless in one spot until a deer approaches, then aim your weapon at the deer and fire.
can grab vegetables 
How to best store chocolate dough for long term usage?
Avoid spider bites when riding motorcycle.
Saute the lettuce, asparagus and garlic. Stir in the remaining ingredients. Cook the cranberry barbecue sauce. Puree the sauce.
How to make an affordable wedding gift.
Make sure the wooden pieces are held together with proper binding. Use adhesive that is strong such as Gorilla Glue. Allow the pieces enough time for the adhesive to bind together before moving again.
can hold milk and other contents
Make a cheap hot tub.
wear them over your privates, under your clothes.
How do you help a plant cutting root more quickly using pruners?
press the + volume function key on the laptop
wrench
Attach a spring in between the two sections.
Keep straw in place for soda can.
Cut a watermelon without a knife.
can mix beef stew together
stone
Rub a thin coat of tomato paste onto the brass. Let it sit for a hour and rinse with warm soapy water.
What should be mixed with yolk for Deviled Eggs?
purchase a school shirt from your student's store.
How to take a tablet?
Roll each clay in different shades of red into logs and lay them next to each from light to dark. Press them to join them and roll them out. Fold over widthwise and repeat until shades are blended together.
Get a larger pot then the plant needs. Gather some potting soil and a few rocks to keep the drainage area clean. Add soil and rocks to pot and carefully flip your plant upside down with your hand around it. Pull it out and put in new pot.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1/2 cup shredded coconut, and stir in 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Use a belt sander on all of the sides of the wooden box
Remove burnt food from cooking pot.
How do I prepare red bell pepper and spinach for goal cheese white sauce pasta?
Use a spoon.
Shape toilet paper into open square and attach string on top for handle.
Mix blue paint and yellow paint at an equal ratio
stop replying to the person you're arguing with.
Cutting thin strips of wood on a table saw can be dangerous, but this technique eliminates the dangers dramatically. Only add a stop block to the left of the blade. Do not place it on the side of the blade but slightly behind
Prevent baby from making toilet roll mess.
cuts chicken bone 
To dilute the color of paint, you can
Cut your wood to the appropriate dimensions.
Use a pair of chopsticks.
Cut up a new shirt that you bought for the project
Find the plug that's in the wall socket. Place the refrigerator in front of the socket. Have someone help move it if it's too heavy. Pull the plug out of the socket.
place your crust in your pie pan and press out all the bubble wrap.
can be used to cut glass 
index card
Slice the avocado in half and chop down on the flesh with a knife then peel away the flesh of the avocado
If you’ve been putting up with windows that don’t slide open as easily as they have in the past, grease the skids with lubricant spray to open and close them with ease.
To make cream cheese easier to mix, you can
Prepare the rice for kheer by soaking it in a bowl full of water for half an hour
can break  a rod made of wood
Attach 40- to 60-grit sandpaper to a sanding block to remove paint. This is coarse grit, so it can damage the wood if you apply too much pressure. Rub the sandpaper over the wood with the grain of the wood to remove the old paint. Change the paper, as necessary.
Make sure numbers 1-9 repeat only once in every column, row, and square.
lavender and chamomile are excellent for this
Melt it in a pan for a few hours until it softens
is able to cool down snow 
cleans a  floor in a house
Prevent items from clogged up the vacuum by avoiding vacuuming up large items. Clean out the dust filter regularly, and always let the vacuum run a bit prior to vacuuming an area.
can be opened with  a mallet 
Dry brush. Remove dirt from the outsole, midsole, and uppers using a dry, stainless steel wool. ...    Make a mild cleaning solution. Mix warm water with a small amount of laundry detergent.    Wash laces. Remove the laces and apply a small amount of the mild cleaning solution. ...    Wash soles. ...    Wash and blot. ...    Air dry.
use a set of water hoses to help stay floating.
can be used to shred comb to make pillow stuffing
How to straighten your hair.
Yes, you have to thicken the coffee with tapioca flour and fish oil.
how do you band something together?
Place 2-3 drops of body temperature olive oil in the ear canal to help soothe the area and leave it alone for a while.
how to make pesto pizzas
To add a brim on the playing card top hat.
Can hold  stone On top of it
Prevent musty smell on rarely used clothes.
100 drops
How to scratch an itch
Use a mixture of water, soap and shampoo and wash vigorously
to clip socks in place
How can I keep children's doll accessories organized?
how do you wear underwear?
Before the wood is sawed and chopped to specification, sand the wood down with good quality high grit sand paper
Place all leggos inside a paper bag, place in the dishwasher.
What can I use to make a silk screen pattern?
Lay the table top flat, and attach the frame using clamps, then flip them over. Drill evenly spaced holes through the top to the frame. Hammer in the screws to secure the top to the frame.
Place a small amount of putty on the top of the toy and press it firmly onto the shelf
can push  cars  into goals 
Squeeze the juice from many oranges into a pitcher, making sure to remove any seeds.
To remove rust from metal, you can
Place the bagel inside of a cleaned out CD case and close the lid on top.
After you finish painting, and before you close the paint can, paint a line across the label to show the paint level, that way you’ll know how much and what color the paint is without opening it.
How do I cut the details of the wood frame ?
run or walk for a total of 26.2 miles.
can hold nails chemically treated
how do you mow the lawn?
make sure that the butter and cheese are frozen and shredded before you start cooking
How to make a simple headpiece to wear in your hair?
To cut up the soda can to make a bow ring from it.
Use a tube of superglue
Cut out fabric and batting. Then cut 2 pieces of fabric 14 inches tall by 19 inches wide. Next cut 1 piece of cotton fusible batting, 13 inches tall by 18 inches wide. Sandwich the batting between the two pieces of fabric. Iron both sides of the fabric pieces to fuse the batting in place. Quilt the place mats together. Using a ruler and the disappearing ink pen, draw straight lines at a 45 degree angle in both directions. Sew along all your marked lines.
Place the hands together, palms up, and apply slight upward and backward pressure to the ball as it falls.
Place body wash on orange peels wrapped with dental floss.
Make sure it has turned a deep black
To add padding to the Bionic El Wire Mask so it is comfortable to wear.
You can find coordinates by gps tracking to hidden caches
To give a spooky aura to your Halloween Snowman made of pumpkins.
how ot mkae strawberry milk
roll it up and place it in an empty chapstick tube.
directly under your real nails.
Use a level to align one mark with the other.
Choose a pressure washer with a setting of 1200 – 1900 PSI. It's safe to use for cars, so you won't need to worry about damaging the paint on your car. Experts recommend using a pressure washer with 1.4 – 1.6 GPM. There are several different sizes of nozzles that can be used with a pressure washer. Wipe with steel wool after.
Secure bottom of walker with pasta noodles.
A broken toilet lever is pretty easy to fix. In most cases, if pressing the cider doesn't flush the toilet, you can just pop the tank open and re-attach the chain. However, in some cases, the handle itself can become corroded or any one of the pieces that connect the handle to the flapper (including the handle, nut, metal rod, or chain) can break. All of these parts can be replaced on the cheap, though.
To pop your ears easily while changing altitude,
Wrap paint stick with foil and stick into trap.
Use a photo album to put stamps into.
Choose the type of bit you need. Gently turn the chuck a quarter turn to enlarge the hole so the bit can fit. Place the bit in the hole and tighten the chuck until the bit is secure.
How do I cream butter to make butter cookies?
Carry an overcoat.
Roll out the dough to a square shape that is a bit larger then a butter slab. Position the butter slab on in the middle of your dough, and draw a line with your finger around it. Remove the butter, and then roll from the edge of your line outwards.
What can I use to make an old school walkie talkie?
Toss 2 cups cooked corn kernels with 1 pint halved cherry tomatoes, 2 diced Persian cucumbers, the juice of 2 limes, 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, 2 tablespoons olive oil, 1 chopped seeded jalapeno, and salt to taste.
give each of them a nice chunk of cash.
What wood materials do I need?
get finger prints off gun
You can polish the aluminum on your Quick Release Pin with sandpaper and grease. The smoother it is, the better it will slide.
How do you freshen up your carpet on a budget?
can hold garages closed
To remove the exterior frame from a chair
smear toothpaste on and polish with a soft dry clamp
To make sodium carbonate, you can
Use an awl or a hammer and nails
How can I be sure to never get my e mail address wrong when using my phone?
take the photo yourself and then use scrap booking materials to craft the card.
Use a finger to swipe downward from the top of the display toward the bottom. Then find the 2 short horizontal lines and swipe those downward as well. Tap the icon that says "Wi-Fi" under it.
turn the clothing inside out and then switch them back after travelling.
Place the flour on a measuring tape to weigh it
Use a polaroid photo to create pattern then print it out.
Place 1/4 cup blue radishes, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Wipe your bike down with soap and water, rinse, then dry with a towel. Next concentrate on your drivetrain. To clean your chain, use an embalming fluid with a brush or sponge to spread it on the chain.
Using an empty spray bottle, add twelve ounces of distilled water and twelve ounces of white vinegar. Shake well before each use as a DIY widow cleaner.
Loop zip ties around your phone (1 on each side). All you have to do is tighten the zip ties until they are snug to the phone with the zip-tie heads facing down and near the edge of your phone and now you can watch video instructions or look at project drawings without having to hold it in your hands the whole time.
Use wood glue to secure long piece of wood in each corner for added support.
How can I make ice
To steal a base in baseball,
how to keep chicken prices down
how to use a capped pen?
Place the helmet on your shoulders and latch it in.
One should get a pipe run.
Remove the plastic top from a pringles container and wrap it with some material to use as a coaster
Create a spear.
A good quality toothbrush would be the best pick for this as they would be gentle on the dog's skin, making sure they don't get any scratches or itches.
What supplies are needed to make a mosaic glass window?
You can find many books in your local cafe
How do I geocache
Attach a bungee cord in trunk and hang bangs on the cord.
Find the locking mechanism. Bend the tie’s loose end back. Depress the bar.    Pull the loose funnel back through the cube.
What kind of paper should you use.
One seeks to have an alternative Christmas.
to be unfriendly?
fill a bowl larger than the saucepan halfway with water, place the saucepan into the larger bowl, and stir the custard with a spatula until cool.
Let the sauce simmer on low for at least 30 minutes
how do you picnic somewhere?
How to remove the flesh from a watermelon?
Find where you want to place the thumbtack, and push it into the surface needle first with your hand.
Read a book on mathmatics then provide a self-contained description.
With your dough in a bowl pound the  dough using the top of your fist in an up and down motion.
Making a portable stove
Wrap the turkey in aluminum foil and then place in an oven at 275 for about 30 minutes
Put phone in glass cup.
Place a capped bottle of soda at the back of the seat then put the pies on top.
How do I locate the Indus constellation
Place a dab of clear nail polish on the run and let it dry.
How do you remove hard water stains from stainless steel?
Pour an ounce of tequila into a shot glass. On a glass arrange lime slices and some salt.
Gather your empty toilet paper rolls and crease one end to make it solid. Add trash to the end and set on fire.
Put the granola into an open air coffee container and put back in your pantry.
What is the best way to attach a magnet on to a wooden plank?
Have them wear sandals or flip flops so they don't have to tie shoes.
how to make toast that isn't dry
To put on the earring,
One should hand pain them.
Can I make fudge in five minutes?
Connect hose to tire, when tire is full remove the hose and replace cap.
Stop car from overheating.
Use spray glue
To remove the CPU from the motherboard, lift the retention arm, lift the metal frame and remove the CPU by lifting it straight up, making sure you bend the pins.
Cut the foam along the line you want to fold with a cutter.
sign it with another party
use a soldering iron to melt some solder onto the wires and press them together.
Once you have burned the design into your ornament face, you can add color by simply painting with spray paint.
Use shredded up paper as fuel.
how to make a hearty tuna salad
Use an oil based cleaning solution
can be turned into magma 
Use flat back rivets as grips.
How do I hide the screw heads when making a worm bin for apartments>
How to connect metal bars to make bicycle cargo trailer.
How to make a simple key chain?
Reduce craving to use phone when charging.
Replace the batteries in child's electronic keyboard.
how to avoid danger?
You can find them in your tank
How to curb your dog?
One gallon can of paint will cover up to 400 square feet, which is enough to cover a small room like a bathroom. Two gallon cans of paint cover up to 800 square feet, which is enough to cover an average size room. This is the most common amount needed especially when considering second coat coverage.
To add toppings to your taco,
can plug into a modem 
Open the website, type in your mom's name and info then click sign up
You mark then measure where the hinges go and then screw them in with a drill.
take it when no one is watching then bring it back when you're done.
Do an activity that you enjoy doing as your workout.
To combine cornstarch, oil, and baking soda, you can
can be used to check your oil 
Dampen  green tea bags and apply it on chapped lips for 10 minutes to get relief.
Brush the rolls with water after cooking.
Put some 1 tablespoon of olive oil in a pan, heat the pan at medium-high on the stove, add the ground beef in the pan, move around the beef and break the clumps with a shovel. Remove from the stove when the beef starts to become golden-brown.
shoes
Choose your paint and use a low nap roller for smooth ceilings, and a 1/2-inch or 3/4-inch nap for textured ceilings. An extension pole helps you reach the ceiling without a ladder. Dip the roller in paint and roll slowly so the paint won't spatter.
What is an herb that spreads quickly.
how do you peel a fruit?
Place a screwdriver in the seam of the casing and use this to pry it apart
Use a circular saw to separate the pipe
to perfectly fry eggs, and nothing else.
Using superglue, glue each inlay in the space you have marked for the neck of the ukulele. Wait to dry.
how to store apples and bananas
Use dental floss to apply paint.
rolling pin
2 cup chopped key limes (including rind - finely chopped), 3/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Ask for boxes to be shipped to far away relative.
To pickle an egg.
Using a stencil and a sharp blade cut the numbers out of the cardboard. Make sure to stick them under an overhang so that they don't get wet when it rains.
mix quinoa, feta cheese, and crackers for a coarse crumbly burger.
can be use to spank a  consenting sexual partner if you live in 2018
How do you make cinnamon sugar?
how do you crop a picture?
Dab the cut with vasoline, it will seal the cut and help stop the bleeding.
wash your hair regularly with a quality dish soap.
put cream cheese after it has been softened a bit into a bowl with the egg and mix just until it's creamy.
Use the precision tape measure like any other tape measure except using the premade holes to place your pencil in to mark the measurement.
How to make beef jerky.
How can I clean the racks in the oven?
Completely defrost your turkey by soaking in cold water about 30 minutes per pound, cold water should be refreshed every 30 minutes.
can be a good place to use sandwich bag 
Use curtains made from natural materials and dunk the bottoms of them in buckets of water with your windows open, when the breeze passes through, the water on the curtains will help cool the air.
To top the pizza bread with sauce
To reduce chances of getting diabetes,
how to make toasted garlic and sage rice
In a large bowl combine 4 cups half and half (Or light cream)1 1/2 cups sugar, and 1 tablespoon vanilla.  Stir until sugar dissolves.  Stir in 2 cups whipping cream. In a blender blend 4 cups fresh Banana Peels until nearly smooth.  Add this to Ice cream mixture. Freeze in 4 or 5 quart Ice cream freezer according to manufacturers directions. Serve with fresh bananas.
Throw it into the trash as soon as possible.
How do you properly freeze cookie dough?
Use an old bike tire.
To keep a pair of football shoes smelling fresh.
How to peel a banana.
shields pet animal when animal is too hot
the best thing to drink is Gatorade or Powerade
Study shows Vitamins can make you avoidably stinky.
.Add orange rinds to the pan.
paper cup
press your finger against the screen, and then press to the right of it.
Nail file,Duct tape and Wire/pipe cleaners
make fried oreos
how to make apple-oatmeal cookies
How to pick up a staple off the floor
can destroy a planet 
Take some cleaning solution and a rag and polish it off.
Remove a hickey from neck.
How do you get a perfect score in bowling?
Use a towel or dip dry
Attach wooden planks in a parallel fashion with a nail gun.
salt
Improving Your Soccer Skills
A cookie cutter is perfect.
A concrete mix of 1 part cement : 2 parts sand : 4 parts coarse aggregate should be used for a concrete slab. Ad water to proper consistency. Concrete must be placed after half an hour of mixing.
cover chairs 
Fill the rest of the planter with wood chips and plant drought-resistant plants.
It makes use of a peculiar dimensional plastic gotten from the woods.
Find the amount of Hersey syrup that you would like to use and mix it with your preferred amount of milk.
Glue flowers together by placing dots of glue on the edges where each flower meets.
place the foil wrapped food into the microwave and then turn the microwave on.
open the box of cereal, pour as much as desired into a bowl, then add milk to the bowl.
how to keep odors down in the washer
how do you save a picture you took on your iphone?
punctures robot so they bleed
Have three bowls for this process. One bowl to hold the unpitted cherries, one bowl for the pits, and one bowl for the pitted cherries. Take a cherry in the first bowl and put it the basket of the cherry piter and squeeze the handles,  put the pitted cherry in the third bowl and the pit in the second bowl.
Make yourself a body scrub of water and baking soda and get to work exfoliating away the orange! This one's for major mistakes where you need to reduce your color over a large area. To make it work, lather up with some baby oil and let it sit for 10-15 minutes, then hop in a hot bath to rinse away the self tanner.
One should build the item out of cardboard.
How to sew a straight stitch for mending a pillowcase seam by hand?
Spray with pressure washer.
is softer than plastic wrap 
Wedge a piece of bread into the end of a roll of tape to hold the tape end for easy use.
1/3 cup pinto Beans    1/3 cup green peas    1/3 cup black beans    1/3 cup great northern beans    1/3 cup kidney beans    1 teaspoon dry mustard    1 teaspoon paprika    1 tablespoons onions    1 tablespoon garlic    1 tablespoon oregano    1 bay leaf    1 teaspoon rosemary    1 veggie bouillon cubes
To allow hard candy to harden to it's final form after baking it, you can
To soften your butten quickly. fill a bowl with boiling water, empty out the water, and put the bowl over your butter for a few minutes.
break it apart.
how to make chocolate shavings
Catch the snowflakes on the sticky side of the microscope slides, using a toothpick to gently move the snowflake to center it, if needed. Place the slide with the snowflake in a cold area where no more snowflakes will fall on it, such as inside a covered box or in the unheated garage.
One should make it out of metal.
screwdriver
can store  soup 
Grab the amount you want, find the line and tear on it
Prepare a soapy solution for killing Stink Bugs. Choose a straight-sided ½-1-gallon container. Fill it 25% full of water mixed with 1 teaspoon of liquid soap or detergent.
Clean the area to be pierced with alcohol. Make a mark where you want to pierce. Pick your piercing earrings. Get a sterile piercing needle place over open flame. Place a sponge on the back of your ear. Place the needle on your mark, take a deep breath, and stick the needle through your ear. Put piercing earring in your ear.
To slice red bell peppers,
Shape the edge of the block using sandpaper.
Use a stapler
Place water in black trash bag to absorb sun heat.
You can use the juices of fruits that you mash up into different colors in a pinch with a paint brush.
Remove the magnet from its backing and with a heated hot glue gun with no glue stick loaded into the gun attach a dot of hot glue to the middle of the magnet and then stick the hot glue onto the compact or cosmetic and hold it until it cools.
Freeze a coin with a lighter and press over bite.
To keep your teeth and gums healthy,
You should bathe them in a sink in lukewarm water.
don't run on it for three weeks.
Grill a thin sirloin steak in butter and serve instead of meat on a hamburger.
can cover a  rope .
Take one toothpick and cut it in thirds, then cut off most of the pointy end. Press the toothpick into the tube and cut it so about 5mm is sticking out.
vine
Cut an egg carton in half and use the top.
burns ants 
Using a good scissor would more than suffice.
how to get a decorative pie crust?
Find clip art on google and print it out
walk in front of the area where the light detects motion.
Using a grooving tool, drag the tool in a straight line through the edges of the leather where you will be stitching.
How can you make eggs bounce?
screw it onto your fire hydrant and turn the water on.
Use a scrap piece of drywall lying around your workshop and cut it to the measurements of the base of your reusable grocery bag replace the thin plastic insert (so prone to cracking and splitting) with the measured and cut a piece of drywall and place it in the bottom of your reusable grocery bag.
How to add chocolate flavor to baked goods in a healthy way?
can protect leather bag from cracking
in the drivers side, under the dash, push the button that shows a picture of a car with an open trunk.
shoe box
How do I unlock a miter saw?
Press against the wound very hard to stop blood flow, and tie off above the wound
Remove hard water stains from faucet.
How do you make sugar water to feed honeybees in the fall?
Cooking the pancakes
Use at least two coats of nail polish on each nail, taking care to cover the edge of the nail. Cover the two coats in one coat of clear nail polish. Let sit for 30 minutes.
pick up some CD's at the library and download them.
can write on  white board  
Cut the head of a nail and put it in your drill chuck to drill pilot holes, this makes it easier to hammer down those nails.
Place 6 whole eggs in a pot, fill pot with cool water until just covering the eggs, place pot on a stove and bring to boil. Turn off the stove and let eggs sit for 20 minutes and then drain.
Put seasoning into bowl, then place raw chicken in the bowl and coat with seasoning.
Go to your local hardware store and purchase a waterproofing stain to paint the wood.
You glass a surfboard by applying a layer of fiberglass to the surfboard with an epoxy resin.
Take a rolling pin and cut the bacon into small pieces.
can be used as a  shoe if necessary
use a nail filer, and put it against the tips of your nails. rub it back and forth on the nail to your desire.
add extra water to the bowl of Ramen.
To remove a screw from the wall that has been stripped,
make ginger juice
Twist the tap open so that the water can flow inside.
can squeeze the juice out of an jar 
Use some hooks that you can screw into the roof of the birdhouse and then add string through the hooks and tie around the branch of your choice.
The metal bars should be near each other so they will hit each other when they catch the wind, so distance between each hole should be the width of the metal bar.
how do I make turkey rice casserole?
Rub gum with ziploc of ice cubes then break after it gets hard.
To clean guitar strings, start by resting your guitar on its back so you have both hands free to work. If your guitar has nylon strings, use a dry or slightly damp towel to wipe off any dirt or grime. For guitars with steel strings, put 70 to 90% rubbing alcohol, pre-shaving gel, or a commercial cleaner on your towel.
Cut orange and squeeze half with metal tongs.
how do you set the hits goal on mturk?
To make visiting the orthodontist more exciting for a child,
Cut a hole in a bed sheet and wear over clothes.
Make a high color buck drink
using the list of words obtained from your book; put the word on one side of a 3x5 ruled flash card; locate the definition of the word using a dictionary; write the definition on the back of the flashcard
make instant air conditioner
If riced cauliflower is still raw after the initial cook time
how to clean cast iron skillet
How to cover stamp in ink.
Make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
What type of ground beef should I select when making hamburgers
Mix 1 tablespoon of bleach into the sink filled with hot shower gel and water
Wrap any hazards with pasta noodles.
A vinyl floor tile     An oven    An oven safe circular pan    A big bowl    A bed Sheet    Felt
can hold  boiling water when made of very thin plastic
Skim the pool. Since most of these bugs hang out around the surface, you should be able to skim most of them off with a net skimmer.
Tie hair into a pony tail.
To clean my hair.
To add decals to the toy boxes.
Throw your wrinkled clothes in the dryer with a wet sock for thirty minutes.
Mark spot with pen, then rub off.
an anchor
Use rough grit sand paper to sand away the design.
Attach a dust bin underneath a hole in the work space.
keep it in your reach forever.
Purchase Cilantro seeds, peat moss and and small size pot. Plant in the Sun and cover with a plastic bag.
For the lemon zest, grate only the outer yellow skin. Avoid using the inner white skin as it will have a bitter taste. The lemon zest will brighten up all the flavors in the muffins.
smoke in it with most of the windows up.
can sit on  blade 
Take you plain table cloth and some water color paint and a paint brush, lay the table cloth out and paint any design you would like across the table cloth, from flowers or hearts to circles or crosses. After you have added the designs let the paint dry thoroughly and once it is dry put the table cloth into the washing machine and then dryer to set the paint permanently.
Cut out another candle's wax and put it in a new mason Jar.
Keep some sand in with the salt in the shaker to avoid clumping.
To use a game cube memory card.
To make banana pudding
Place the watch face down on a soft surface. Look to see the back is a screw on or a push on.  Unscrew a screw on with the appropriate tool.  Use a finger nail to pry the push on type off.  Put the new battery in place and reassemble.
Store baby pacifiers.
Remove a sticker or label from a an item like a plate.
How to tie hair up without a hair tie?
Use blue tack to ensure it remains airtight
Wrap taco with coffee filter.
Take a coffee filter, put the grounds in, tie the top and put in a large bowl of hot water and let it seep as you would a tea bag.
How to make easy makeshift earrings?
Make small rope.
How to clean a blender.
lemon
Sweep up food crumbs, wipe up spills, take out the garbage and don't leave clean dishes sitting around the house.
How to trick birds so they ignore your strawberries?
get a blow dryer that is not metal tipped; brush cat for approximately ten minutes once a day during the spring
Earrings and a pretty necklace
makes cars dry
Sand down a pallet and drill it into the wall, then secure the TV to the pallet using a bracket fastened to the pallet
how do you show that you're sad?
Solar power
place it under your head on your bed.
pull on it from each side.
Get a good night’s sleep. adults need between 7-8 hours of sleep per night
Fold card in half.
To open the clips inside a 3 ring binder,
Recycle your toilet paper rolls.
Lay chain link fence over the ground at the base of the fence, or you can set large, heavy rocks along the base of the fence.
How do I clean my ears out
Use cotton blankets that keep in heat.
Add small amounts of butter to the dough.
Painting the helmit
by gathering clean power tools, bowls and utensils. And make sure to keep a trashcan within arm’s reach.
Preheat oven to 325. Cut the stem off the sugar pumpkin, then slice pumpkin into quarters. Scoop out the flesh into a bowl (set flesh and seeds aside) and brush the pumpkin pieces with olive oil. Sprinkle each piece with salt (about 1/2 tsp) and freshly ground black pepper (about 1/4 tsp). Prick the pieces with a spoon a few times and roast in the oven until pumpkin is very tender, approximately 2 hours.
How can I keep my pizza leftover from getting too chewy when microwaving?
can pry apart coin 
aluminum foil
Place the template on the leather and trace around it with a clear glue stick
can support  water 
gently wipe in circles over the dry painting with a soft cloth to remove any bloom.
Vacuum seal perishable food.
Tie tennis ball to garage roof that gets hit when car is too close.
To make a cake look nice and cleanly decorated,
As you are rolling the pie dough, dust a small amount of flour across the top of the dough and on the rolling pin to keep the dough from sticking.
Put bread into toaster and wait until it pops up. Check for doneness. If done, spread butter or anything you choose onto the toast and eat it. If not done, repeat first 2 steps.
judge them.
Focus on weak areas, not skills you already have mastered.
press the backward arrow on the dvd remote.
To mix tomato chunks together to form a paste, you can
Gather fibrous grasses, bark and other lightweight easily flammable material . Roll back and forth in your hands like you are making a ball, create a hole in center and fill with lightest material, fluff it up so air can circulate and your done.
Scrub with a wet dryer sheet.
Make hot chocolate.
Use stickers or markers to add words, designs, and pictures.
Measure the amount of cord your will need leaving a few extra feet, then cut the cable to the desired length using wire cutters.
Mix 1/2 cup baking soda to one gallon of water for a gentle cleaning solution. Add 1/8 cup of liquid dish detergent. Spray on patio surface, let sit for 30 minutes, then scrub and rinse. For heavily stained or mildewed patios, you may need a pressure washer.
Add a teaspoon of salt
How to make Easy Lemon Peel Juice
click on the three lines on the bottom menu
Mix Special Liquid to make Glow in the Dark Bouncy Egg
Place the board on a flat surface, then place the food on the board, and cut the food with a knife.
Use any mask with a robotic/humanoid shape, then spray paint with silver.
Grip the oyster use a shucking knife firmly and insert into the small hole located in the hinge, slide the knife side to side , then upwards, open shell using your hand
Slice a lemon in slices and secure the slice in your hair and let it dry in the sun, remove the slice, repeat as needed
how to dry cake pops without them getting messed up
Use a ruler to help draw the circles
Fix a strong yet slim wooden or metallic rod horizontally in one of the compartments of the closet.
Practice good grooming and dress neatly. Clothing does need to be expensive but it doesnt need to be laundered or in good repair
Use small scissors or a seam ripper to undo the inseam. You should have two wide flared rectangle pieces and two thinner rectangles. Arrange the pieces as shown, wide, thin, wide, thin and sew the seams together to make a skirt.
Remove felt tip ink stains on wood.
How do you freshen a musty closet?
What is the best way to serve chicken salad?
Pull the dial out on the face of the watch and turn it til the time shows one hour later.
Make a nice candle holder.
toothbrush
drill
Place the watch on its charger and let sit overnight.
Use a dry erase marker to write what you wish to write.
Eat 2 granola bars.
Trace the size of the pipe and carefully use a hot glue gun to cut the hole
Take two small beach towels and one hand towel, and mount them to the inside of your kitchen cabinet
can hide chopsticks 
What is the best way to take a picture at a ball game when you are far from the action?
Use a natural shoe deodorizer.
Store wrap in fridge.
To make pizza dough easier to work with
Take an existing plastic soap dish.  Cover with molding clay and let harden.  Apply heat to melt the plastic dish and drain.
Punch holes in the bottom of the tin can with a hammer and nail. Clean the can, then place the berries into the can. Hold the can over a plate and press a cup that is slightly smaller than the can into the can and down on top of the berries. Pull the cup back up a little, and then push it into the berries again. Repeat this until the berries have been thoroughly mashed and their liquid has fallen through the holes in the can and into the plate.
turn the controller on and press the power button on the xbox until your remote pops up on the tv screen.
Cover toilet paper roll with peanut butter, coat with salt then hang on branch.
Place a layer of sliced potatoes at the bottom of the pan
Remove all of the seeds and as much of the white membranes as possible.
pour a small amount in your mouth and swallow.
to clean up vomit
To remember that you gave an item to a friend,
Add excess flux before soldering.
Place several pencil markers along the cutting line of the saw and check that the saw is directly outside of the line when you saw the wood
can support a child 
can grasp a lion 
Scoop a cup of peanut butter into a bowl, and mix in half a cup of birdseed, blending with a spoon. Place it in a pine-tree bird feeder and the local birds will eat it all year long.
dial the retail store of your companys number and tell them you want to pay your bill
Firmly press the button on the handle of the umbrella while pulling down on the shaft until it collapses. Wrap the fastener around the umbrella and secure.
What materials and tools are needed to make a day of the Dead mask?
How to make a box hard to store delicates?
Fill a large bowl with 3 cups of baking soda and add half a cup of hair conditioner and mix until it is blended and then play away!
You can use double-sided tape to hold them in place. Remove the tape after soldering.
To make icing for carrot cake.
maintain your car regularly, drive less and carpool whenever possible, and keep the spare properly inflated.
You can use two forks if you are lacking knitting needles.
To get more from each melon when using a melon baller.
press the plastic together.
can cook scissors 
Use a pair of wire cutters.
use sugar cookie dough.
Place egg into a greased, hot skillet and scramble the egg as it cooks, when the yolk of the egg starts to appear more foggy, remove the egg from the skillet and serve.
Practice singing every day and be sure not to eat dairy before singing.
To make a color of oil paint darker,
If the vinyl coating is sticky, dab a little of a citrus-based product used to remove sticker residue onto a paper towel. Wipe the entire shelf down if the whole shelf is sticky, or just the affected areas.
You replace your ink in a red pen, with a black or blue one.
Display holiday cards.
Flip the chicken over so the breast side is up, pull the leg away from the rest of the chicken, gently slice through the skin so we can see what we are working with, Cut down on either side, bend back and pull up and you'll hear that joint separate. Cut into the joint that is now exposed and it's off.
Remove the battery compartment face plate, then use a small flathead screwdriver to pry out the old batteries. Replace with fresh batteries and then  replace the battery compartment face plate.
To sculpt a round shape out of wire to be used in a bike sculpture.
is used for marriages 
How do you pack a first aid kit?
Take the garbage and tins and return them at store for the deposit
Boil the water on the stove, then place the rice in the pot.
how do you keep a tattoo on your skin?
Make a chair for yard.
Use scissors to cut off sections.
Using a pan or other type of grill appliance, set it to medium or moderate heat. Place the bacon on the pan, and let the bacon cook in its own oils. Let it cook until the pieces are crispy.
take a sip of the wine in the cup.
deep fry your chicken twice, and let rest for ten minutes in between frys
grater
Run the chowder through a blender until smooth
How do you safely paint your face?
can cut foil 
Protect tree sap from rodents.
Place a plastic type lazy susan on each  small door mounted shelf and place items on them, then you can just turn to see what''s there.
Prepare coffee maker the night before.
Place the Flour Mixture Set Aside Earlier in a Bowl. Then Add in Melted ice.
To free yourself from a riptide,
First, you need to turn off the computer and unplug it from the wall. Then, you need to open the side panel and, using a can of compressed air, blow the dust out of your computer. Finally, close the side panel back and plug the computer.
To get a free dessert at a restaurant,
Clean an egg shell
Speed up your breathing and actively concentrate on it.
Sprinkle baby powder on leg after shaving.
How do you slice a piece of bread?
Reverse your desired text using an image editing program. Secure a piece of wax paper to a sheet of printer paper.Print the text onto the wax paper using an inkjet printer. Place the paper text-side-down onto the wood.Scrape the back of the paper with a credit card. Remove the paper to reveal the text
with the cups over your breasts.
Purchase a bottle of vodka and ⅛ of the vodka out of it. Drop 180 grams of only one color of Skittles into the bottle. Top off the bottle with the vodka previously removed until the bottle is full again. Screw the top tightly onto thebottle and shake vigorously for about a minute to begin the dissolving process. Allow the bottle to sit for approximately 4 hours so the Skittles dissolve partially.
You could use them for storage, make a planter or make a birdhouse.
In a pie pan, place your dough for the crust. On top of that, place your filling, then place more dough on top of the filling to cover the pie. Cut a few slits in the top for a vent, then place into the oven.
how do you fill a hole outside?
Wrap a rubber band around a paint can to easily remove excess paint from your arm and keep the edges of the can clean.
To prevent snow from building up on your shovel.
Choose an appropriately sized glass jar. Clean it out with soap and water and then dry it completely. Use a double sided dot to secure the bottom of the wick in place on the top of the jar.
press the trunk button that is almost directly underneath the steering wheel.
Put several ice cubes and some stalks of fresh mint in the garbage disposer, turn on and drain.
fifteen minutes before it is done
1 cake mix box of your least favorite cake (plus necessary ingredients listed on back of box) Or use your least favorite homemade cake recipe.    approx. 1/3 cup of frosting (yourleast favorite kind)    candiquik    candy melts (so many different colors available
purchase a card from the gift aisle at your local grocery store.
Put jars in freezer for one day.
how to make a beet salad
Put the plywood on the wall. The thickness of the plywood is 9mm. Glue the plywood into each stud.
can hold boiling scalding hot water to serve
bungee cord the condiments in place, and zip tie the ends to the middle shelf of the fridge.
Remove gloss from furniture.
stick the floss between two of your teeth and get any little bit of foods that were stuck in there.
How to adjust the reach on your Sram brake levers
How to find a bad wire in a car.
Take three equal lengths of wire and fix them to a object. Take the left most strand and cross over the center strand.  Take the right strand and cross over the new center strand.  Take the left most strand and cross over the center strand.  Repeat until finished.
jam drill 
How to protect your eyes while using woodworking tools.
nail clipper
can bend dogs in half
If a business has a "now hiring" sign there all the time, is that somewhere I should apply?
machete
Install a messenger app. on your computer. You can talk to any of your friends as long as they are on the same app. You can also use this for your family.
Use kitty litter gravel on top of the spill.
Prepare the needle with a piece of thread tied to it. Flip the shirt inside-out, pull together the fabric where the shirt is torn and sew together.
can cover up  fist 
how do you shart?
place ears of corn in a large pot of water. Add salt, 1/2 cup of peanut butter, and 1 cup of milk.  Bring water to a slow boil. Then, turn the heat down to low and simmer for 10 minutes.  Drain and enjoy.
exhale when your left hand hits the ground
Use wire cutters to remove the insulation on the wire
To clean up the edges of a wooden project, you can
how to make italian deli bean salad
Cook 1 1/2 cups quinoa in 3 1/2 cups simmering water, covered, about 15 minutes; let cool. Toss with 1 bunch chopped scallions and pecan pie, 1 sliced fennel bulb, the segments from 1 orange, 1/4 cup each olive oil and orange juice, and salt and pepper. Top with fennel fronds.
Empty the contents of the chosen packet of unsweetened Kool-Aid into a small bowl. Add ¼ cup of hair conditioner and stir until well blended. Apply with gloves or brush (paint type brush), cover with plastic rinse after 60 minutes and style as usual.
Do all your grinding and polishing after 4 days but before 10 days so the concrete is stiff enough but not full strength yet
find a good sauce for the veggies
Get some good and deep sleep, at least 7 or 8 hours.
Pour the egg over a fork to catch the yolks
How to counter act too much salt in your food dish?
stand them apart.
Store spices for camping.
how do you wear lotion?
Rock, gravel, pebbles and other bricks can be applied to landscaping features such as flowerbeds to suppress weed growth and retain moisture.
Use a hand saw to carefully split the wood
How do you keep your papers from getting wet when it rains?
Unsweetened applesauce can be substituted for oil, using half the amount as the recipe calls for.
can be used to tenderize meat that is small
If the traffic is especially heavy you take your car and make a right hand turn onto the busy street, turn left at the first street, turn around, get back onto the busy street but this time turn right. go to mailbox, retrieve mail and then repeat the same steps to return safely home.
how do you use a stapler?
run a pipe cleaner through the stem of the empty pipe, turn the pipe over and dump out the debris from the bowl, and then squirt soap through the pipe to completely clear it out.
put it through a can opener.
Add some dried grass to an old wooden mailbox and nail the front door shut. Cut a tiny hole to keep the bird out. Attach the mailbox with a bracket to a tree or a fence. You can put some bird seed inside to attract the birds.
put a small amount of dry pinto beans in the shaker.
Place hard boiled egg in a glass jar and shake.
You can take thin strips of cloth from old T-shirts and knot three pieces together.
Place the food inside a zipper-locked bag, seal it except the last inch.  Lower the bag into a vat of water, just before the zipper goes underwater, seal it off.
has a video screen.
One could make a sling.
can be repaired with masking tape patching up a tear.
Place a hammer around the opening of the key and lift it with the hammer.
brine a turkey
rub a bleach soaked Q-tip on the stain and then wash out immediately so the bleach doesn't eat the material,
swipe your card where it says to swipe.
to fix squeaky shoes
can be used to wrap up ice cream. 
Wash your bed sheets monthly to remove body oils and irritants from the linen. These accumulated materials can cause acne breakouts on your skin.
how to make apple pie nog
Crack and egg into a hit pan, bust the yolk and fry on both sides until cooked through
Bundle up the excess braid lines and rubber band them. Take the outside braid line and pass it behind the 2 core lines. Pass the inner braid line under the outer braid line, then up and over the core lines and through the loop made by the outer braid line. Tighten that knot. Keep switching between the two sides of the buckle.
You would only need a bluetooth receiver which is an electrical component.
Make travel jewelry box.
counteract the spiciness with more spicy foods or sauces.
pour strawberries into a glass of regular milk and stir.
stick a toothpick in one end of the bread at the top and lift up so you can grab the toast and pull it out.
Using your green color permanent marker, add some mold to the sandwich bag.
Put a square of artificial grass on the side of the litter box.
How to make an oreo pie crust.
can use a remote control effectively
Wrap bag straps around shoes.
Select the size of reusable tin and lid you would like to use. Add the dried beans and some hot water to the tin. Pressure can for 15 minutes.
can dry out logs for a fire
To combine lemon juice and condensed milk, you can
To melt wax down for a candle
To cut a length of steel pipe into smaller sections, you can
Use wood glue and glue the pieces of wood together.
Fold another sheet of paper in half and stick it on top the one you are trying to write on.
lose weight, eat a healthy diet, exercise regularly, avoid high estrogen birth control pills, and do not smoke cigarettes.
Use an icecream cone to dish out the batter
Make napkin rings for kids picnic.
how do you open a notification from the notification menu on an iphone?
Fold your towel into its desired form and attach Velcro strips in two spots, one on the front and one on the back,
What can I use to cover my brownies when I want to save some?
poster
Store small pills.
Tape clothespins to a hoop.
How to clap?
To find a Lion's Mane mushroom, you can
How to make a root beer float
What is the best way to brush the hair of a dog?
Clip a paper weight to the end of the roll.
How to make homemade bread.
Put the jewelry on the nightstand and make your bed as normal.
how do you promote something on facbook?
paper towel
coffee filter
take some fresh and dry teabags and dip them gently over the paper to stain it
how do you remind someone of something?
½ lemon    1 tbsp honey    5 tbsps olive oil    Pinch of cumin    cup of salt    Couple of chili flakes (or dried cayenne pepper will do the trick nicely)
Using a vegetable peeler, preferably one with a swivel blade, and starting at the stem end, remove the peel from the apple flesh in a circular motion, continue repeating until you have peeled the skin away.
Cut or shred plastic bag to add to gifts.
can hurt someone's eye when rubbed on it
Put masking tape over your mouth and paint a mouth on with your lipstick so you won't say the wrong thing. Don't talk with your mouth full when eating , keep tape on when not.
To keep them the most protected, put them in a clear sleeve, then put that in a colored sleeve and then finally put all of it in a hard shell plastic sleeve.
One seeks to have patterns on their boots.
Hollow out a filing cabinet and lay down so holes are facing up.
sheet of paper
How to dice a potato quickly.
hang the tape from a spot on your cealing, and then unravel it so it's completely esposed in the air. leave if for a few days to trap flies.
wet wipes
Make Italian-Deli Pasta Salad, replacing the pasta with three 15-ounce cans cannellini beans (rinsed).
wash cloth
can break a boulder 
Cover a couple of card tables with sheets.
Apply a few droplets of baby oil to soften the wax in your ear canal. After a day or two, when the wax is softened, use a hard rubber syringe to gently squirt warm water into your ear canal. Tilt your head and pull your outer ear up and back to straighten your ear canal. Then tip your head to the side to let the water drain out. Then gently dry your outer ear with a towel.
How to lubricate sticky windows.
with a pickup truck
Firmly hold the sheet metal in the mechanical sheet pounder.  Press on the foot pedal while you move the sheet back and forth to create the curve that you want and to smooth it out once the basic shape has been created.
Using a tissue or cotton ball, apply pressure to the wound to stop the bleeding.  Afterwards, wash the area with water and let it dry. Apply a bandage on the cut afterwards.
strawberry shortcake smoothie making
Run through a food mill: 1 each chopped onion, bell pepper and garlic clove with 1 tablespoon tomato paste in vegetable oil in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Add 3 1/2 cups water, 2 cups converted rice and 1 teaspoon each ground cumin and kosher salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low, cover and cook until the rice is tender, 20 minutes. Stir in two 14.5-ounce cans red beans (rinsed).
Use super glue or duct tape to keep the decorations on the skateboard.
Take a pair of scissors and cut strips of construction paper. Tie the end of one side to the other, then insert another strip through the hole and glue together. Keep going until you have your desired length.
Put the contacts name and social security down
Knot one end of thread around a pencil and unroll it.
You will want to have between 24 and 34 pages that tell your story. Select a theme that will be enjoyed by preschoolers through the age of 7 years old
tissue
how do you scratch an itch?
Take a bus or a train to the city; pay for a ticket with money at the kiosk.
Use a spatula, wax paper, or your hands
pull the nozzle off and soak in hot, soapy water, then scrub the hole with an old toilet brush.
How to flatten dough used for a pie crust.
add the cheese five minutes before the dish is to be removed.
Purchase pine pellets as they deodorize and remove odors as well as clump nicely.
Use a nail filer to brush.
mix together equal parts of red paint and green paint
make sure you vote, even though you think your vote wont sell.
Prepare Your Shoes. Using a dry cloth, gently wipe all dust and dirt off of the shoes. ...    Blot the Stains. Dampen a cloth with cold water. ...    Dry. Dry your satin heels immediately with a hand towel. ...    Deeper Cleaning. ...    Dab the Stains. ...    Remove the Soap Residue. ...    Dry the Satin Heels.
To place a key on a keychain.
Rub hands with motor oil.
t-shirt
Attach old sheets to a wooden frame.
Use old drawers from old unused desks and chests, attach to the wall through the back of it.
Cut a raw potato in half width wise, pour 2 tablespoons of salt in the pan and firmly scrub the rust with the potato until clean or the end of the potato gets slick then cut off and keep scrubbing.  When the rust is gone rinse the pan, dry it and coat with 2 tablespoons of canola oil to season.
roast asparagus
can cut bread 
Include fresh veggies like diced onion and tomatoes.
Cover with paper towels.
Make a clean even cut directly back to the main branch. Keep this up while the plant is blooming. When the Phalaenopsis orchid is completely done blooming and all the flowers have faded, you can do the major pruning. ... Trim the stem that had the blooms on it off about an inch away from the main stalk.
Measure the length and width of the box and use a knife to cut a piece of wood using those dimensions. Cut a hole in the center of the wood that will let a piece of kleenex pull through it. Measure the inner walls thickness and using wood glue glue an L shaped block on the bottom of the lid on each corner so that when the lid is put on the box it is snug and will not move around.
Place the bananas in a bowl and with a knife, mash the bananas completely until there isn't any lumps.
To prepare the scallions for kimchi,
how do you unmute the tv using the tv buttons?
Use warm water with laundry soap but no softener, place 2 pillows in machine for balance, set to regular cycle not delicate, turn off machine.
Take a 20 minute nap right before sun comes up.
drink water and get plenty of rest.
You can get rid of wrinkles without an iron by filling a canteen with very hot water.  Use the canteen to smooth out wrinkles while applying pressure.
How to design bookmark from paint sample.
To reduce the sodium in instant Ramen packets,
Best way to drill into PVC pipe
Apply a piece of duct tape to the wart. Replace with a new piece every 12 hours. Every few days, file the wart with a pumice stone or emery board.
How do I brown the ground beef ?
How do I clean the bathrooms?
how do you use a yield sign while driving?
a person
How to make cake mixture.
slice the rubber to your desired size then place it against the end of a pencil with some rubber glue to secure it
Use a washable crayons with nontoxic components.
keep them in one spot.
nail a net to the corner of two bedroom walls and throw them up on it.
To laminate the surface of a wood project, you can
To cut pieces of sheet plastic thinly.
What are the basics that I need to start a garden?
Avoid slips in kitchen.
After baking in an oven already preheated to 350 degrees for 35 minutes, open the oven and insert a toothpick into the center then remove and see if any batter is stuck to the toothpick.  If the toothpick isn't clean then remove it from the oven, if not then close the oven and check with a clean toothpick again in 7 to 10 minutes.
how can I make my pasta begin to taste better?
Put oatmeal and essential oil into cheesecloth bag.
To make an easy pattern for the bodice part of a sleeveless dress.
tweezers
Place a boiled egg in a pint jar and put a lid on tightly. Shake shake shake until the shell is crumbling off. Take egg out and wipe off remaining shell.
paper towel
It’s easy to make beautiful stepping-stones for your garden with large leaves (like rhubarb), cement, and a towel.
add a few small marshmallows to the bag.
Cook potatoes at a lower temperature for longer to have a crispier crust.
How to quickly remove creases from a shirt?
Fix broken eyeglasses frame.
how do you blossom?
Use soapy warm water and allow to dry outside.
how do you get rid of an ear infection?
closets
take the dog outside and spray them with a gentle temperature water stream.
Use a sheet of plywood
Write the width of cords on the plugs on each end to correctly identify cords.
how to clean a cast iron skillet
Use a bigger drill bit so the jigsaw blade can fit in it, make the donut shape by cutting the inner part of the lamp's lower circle by making a cruller.
hand
mix nutmeg, cinnamon and corn starch.
Use a corner radius router jig.
drive less, ride a bike, take fewer airplane trips, insulate your home, and use incandescent or LED bulbs.
What can I do to prevent grease fires from happening while I am cooking?
hold it in your hands.
Add in a mixture of a couple teaspoons of sugar and some vanilla as the chocolate melts
To make a cute decorative key holder.
Hold bobby pins.
protecting from rain 
jump over them
Carry an umbrella.
press and hold the shift key and press the number 2 then release both.
What can you do to protect plants during seed germination and while the plant is young and fragile?
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce jar Nutella until thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 3/4 cup Hazelnut shells, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Place concrete object on painters tape and apply direct heat to it for a couple hours.
Lay on the floor, belly down. Position your hands to your sides, palms flat on the floor. Push up so that your back and legs are bent, and the only things touching the floor are the feet, knees, and palms. Lower down and touch your nose to the ground, then push up again.
Spray the gum with WD-40, it will dislodge it.
hold your breath indefinitely until you pass out
To cut a coat hanger into a smaller piece to be used as a metal stem, you can
Can replace  newspaper reading
To let your children paint without making any mess,
Draw a shovel shape on old cardboard milk carton and cut out.
Place the lug wrench on a lug nut and turn it counter-clockwise. Turn the wrench after you've secured it onto one of the nuts, pulling hard until you feel the lug nut begin to loosen. You don't need to remove the lug nut entirely, just use the wrench to loosen it until it's loose enough to remove with your fingers.
Place the belts and ties in bundles and wrap them around your shoes in the suitcase
These can be expensive especially if you need a dozen or so. Take a dowel cut into 24 inches or so, or a chopstick also works. for each pinwheel you need a square of colored paper about 6 to 8 inches will do. Cut each of the diagonal folds leaving an inch at the center uncut.  Fold the paper tips along the cut lines so the meet (do this one by one) at the center and glue to hold at the center. Let the pinwheel dry well. Now take a push pin and push it through the center (front to back) and then push the pin into the dowel or chopstick. Now you have a pinwheel! Enjoy.
Use a bed sheet for two kids to wear and calm down.
Pull the drawer out until you hit the end of the sliders, then press the release levers on both sides and pull the rest of the way out.
Look at the tree slice and look for the smaller rings. These years are when there was drought.
make saffron rice
To carve out the shape of a template from a wooden board, you can
Fill the floor with a layer of hay.
To create a makeshift ice pack,
Mix 2 tablespoons of mustard with 1 teaspoon of sugar and add to bath.
stick your finger under the edge of the back flap and pull up along the top fold.
mark one on face
You want to make each side a brown as you can
How can I separate egg yolk from the white?
The color of the tie or the tab indicates the day it was made, watch as the shelves are stocked, the furthest back bread is likely freshest, and you can track the color of the tabs and learn what day matches what tab.
put it back in its original container.
Use a rubber spatula
What to use to pluck eyebrows at home?
put the items inside of a sun tan lotion bottle that has been cleaned out.
How do I get grease off my garage floor?
You can use the juices of bugs that you mash up into different colors in a pinch with a paint brush.
By using a chisel, you can readily smooth the edges of a joint.
To attach paper labels to glass spice tubes.
drying cats after bath
agree with what is happening.
Screw one block at each end of a length of board that’s slightly shorter than the project to be clamped. Attach each block with just one screw so it will pivot for perfect alignment. Cut a couple of wedge-shaped pieces of wood and drive them between one of the blocks and the project.
Getting an even coat of paint is easy if you are able to simply splash it on the metal.
Remove grease from your frying pans
To measure the size of your foot. use a tape measure and measure from the base of your heel to the tip of your longest toe.
Turn cake batter into a fully baked cake.
How can I reduce exposure to Mosquitoes?
put your face into the open hole of the cap
can pull hair out
Add the dried beans into the pot, cover with water, and bring to a boil. Once boiling, strain the water and add cold water to the beans. Bring back to a boil on the stove and keep simmering until it is soft. Add more water if it evaporates before the beans are done.
You put the cutout in the window and have a curtain in front of it.
How to apply facial scrub to skin
make some jam and put the jam on the sandwich to make it a PB&J sandwich.
press the lock key on the side.
An old, thrift-store lamp can easily be repurposed by careful disassembly to reach the portions you wish to re-use, such as the cord and light socket, being careful to make sure the lamp is unplugged when you are removing the old plug, then replacing the salvaged parts in a new fixture such as a chunk of wood.
Place the planted pit in a dark and cool basement, away from moisture and light.
how to make a spicy thai dressing
fit in pieces  together with one another to form a picture.
Cut a pool noodle in half and mount on wall.
How do I draw a 45 cm diameter circle on the leather ?
say 'hey siri', and then whatever you need her to do or find out.
Make sure there is a steady supply of alka seltzer
To prevent dye from getting on your skin, you can
Suck hard into the mouth piece to swallow the water out of the snorkel tube.
add an egg to boiling water slowly.
Use a pencil or pen and a calculator to get the proper line
brush
can be made into  an ashtray and last a long time
To prevent salt from sticking in the salt shaker, during humid months,
how to make a peppermint stripe
grip the plug between your fingers and pull out until it clicks.
how to open an water bottle?
towels
How do you fold ingredients in a recipe?
Steel roofing and trim should be cut with nibblers, tin snips or a profile shear.
To stay awake without drugs.
Properly fasten the hard drive into the proper place in the case. Then run the SATA cable from the motherboard to the hard drive, and a power cable from the power supply to the hard drive.
How to make Play doh at home
Set a pot of water to boiling. Hold the envelope over the steam. Carefully slip a butter knife under the seal peeling back the flap. Remove the contents. Reseal by firmly pressing into position.
How often should I water my plants in the outdoor garden?
Hold the sawzall blade by the back edge and carefully grind off all the teeth with a belt grinder. Hold the blade at a 90 degree angle and sharpen one side, flip over and sharpen the other side.
First decide what size you want, then cut it with a saw.  Using the beam you cut, estimate the 7 additional beams so they are the right size and cut them with the saw.
To secure the ends of a rope tied to a pole.
to protect the eyes from sand in windy weather on a sand dune
How do I make a chocolate glaze for chocolate peppermint brownies?
To stop a child from disobeying you,
visit before hand and tour the labor and delivery department.
chop food with them to eat.
unscrews a bolt quickly
You will need chili powder,  pepper,  salt,  potatoes,  cabbage, onion  and whatever  other spice preferences you may have.
how to apply beads to a quilting frame for a craft
Select a large pot and a glass bowl that will fit inside of it. Boil approximately one cup of water in the pot. Once the water boils, increase the heat to high. Place the glass bowl inside of the pot and into the water. This will function as a double boiler.
Whisk a little turmeric and sugar into some white vinegar. Pour over thinly sliced raw vegetables. Wait 20 minutes. Eat.
Rub it with a dry sponge.
Put the end of the screw on the hole, then screw it in with a sledgehammer
put it in order of the alphabet.
Tear three 2-foot length sheets of aluminum foil and fold them into dryer sheet pieces. Toss them into the washer with your clothes. They'll prevent the clothes from building up static when you later dry them.
To get sweat stains out of clothing when washing them,
how do you peel a banana?
How to clean a computer screen.
Fill it with water, or better, with windshield fluid. You can also use something commonly found around your home such as Windex diluted with water until you can buy the standard fluid at the gas station.
To harden the chocolate lining the cookie cup
Take a spatula and cut a slice of butter and apply evenly.
can break apart a crayon 
Before disposable razor gets dull, use it on your hats.
Put a pegboard on the wall and hang the tools on it.
Prevent onion skin mess in kitchen.
How can you make Nutella Fudge Ice pops at home?
Wear gloves and find dandelions that have bright yellow button shaped blossoms with several narrow petals, hollow stems and, leafs that have jagged or serrated looking edges. Once you find one, gently pick it up from the bottom of the stem to try and also pull out the root.
knives
Using a tablet
receipt
Go through it, as it is not a stop sign so no stop is necessary.
damage  twig 
Rub a layer of candle wax on surface.
how do you use a butterfly keyboard?
basket
To buff beeswax painting with a cloth,
Add one cookie to the cookie sheet then guess where the next cookie should go. Use a tablespoon to put them on the sheet.
To make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich,
brush
Add some egg to the mixture before baking the bites
Watch Spongebob, sing the theme song to them.
how to make a tent floor more comfortable
slide under a tire easily
Sew a simple plastic bag holder.
Avoid receiving a speeding ticket.
wear another longer dress under it.
A brioche bun is the tastiest bun.
Place all the ingredients into a food processor
Wet a sock and add dish soap, bring to a lather and rub the plate with in, then rinse off with water.
do not put two betas in the same fish bowl.
How do I remove cigarette smell from an electronic device, silicone material, or clothes?
Place the socks on top of one another facing the same direction, then fold the top half of one of the socks inside out, over top of the other sock
Insert your cheapest coin first.
Put the change into an old, rinsed milk jug.
Get a large pot, potting soil and pumpkin seeds. Fill large pot with soil and plant pumpkin seeds inside. Pumpkins love water so make sure it never goes dry and keep the pumpkin vine protected. Come August you will have several Pumpkins growing!
Mix 66 g. margarine and 200 g. of powdered sugar with a hand mixer (or whisk or fork). Add some vanilla sugar or a splash of vanilla extract and then add milk as needed to achieve a soft consistency that holds its shape. If too much liquid is accidentally added, add some more flour.
To make a fruit fly trap, you will just need a few materials. Gather a plastic container, plastic wrap, a rubber band and a piece of underripe fruit for bait.
Take the turkey from the refrigerator. Unwrap the turkey,  remove the innards. Discard the breast. Rinse with warm water, and pat dry.
Ask the kid to tell you to tell you a joke, and then tell them they CAN NOT laugh (it will crack them up and they can't help but smile).
Apply a coat of clear coat
Remove and wash the pit. Suspend the pit in water. Place in the refrigerator, and change the water weekly. When the stem is about six inches long, cut it back. Plant your avocado pit. Water the plant frequently.Harden off the avocado plant. Pinch the leaves off after every six inches of growth.
To peel the grapefruit.
go to the queue page, and click on the button that says 'work' on each hit.
Use an iron.
sit on it and push it with your feet.
Glue a sock on top of vacuum hose.
sink the putt in 1 stroke under par.
To brighten your skin
One wants a protein selection from the grill.
Tie a string around either end of the glasses and wear it across your neck
put a girl beta and a boy beta in the same fish bowl.
grip the tube of toothpaste in one hand and the lid in your teeth. Tightly squeeze the lid and twist counterclockwise. the lid will come right off
How to store DVDs without using any shelving?
You can put a small metal cylinder into a wood stud and use that to open beer bottles.
To make pretend tentacles for a cake that looks like an octopus, you can
Prevent the opposing team from getting a first down on third down, causing an punting situation.
Tenderize raw meat.
After the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
Use unscented body wash, paper towels, water, and place items into an old wet wipe container.
Label topic of a paper notebook
is much more visible on paper than any glue 
Upgrade front porch wooden column.
Avoid advertisements in mobile games.
can cover a hole on the wall
replaces socket 
can be used to catch a  cow 
replace straw 
Fill a rattan basket with fake grass and then add many kinds of candy and chocolates until it's filled with fun things.
Make a temporary bundt pan.
To cut large pieces of plywood, you can
Can be stored inside a ice pick 
Put thread through pencil, then pull the needle through the hole.
can be cut with hedge clippers 
How to flush your radiator in your car.
can be used to dye a  spray-tie-dyed shirt with no water
To keep meatloaf from falling apart when it's cooked.
Pour water on it's base until soil is damp.
To make a reminder on your iphone.
Try wearing earplugs if you're dealing with constant, inescapable noise.
To clean out the port of a phone charger,
How to put a fitted sheet on a bed?
Dab with water and remove with cloth.
How to best feed baby rabbits?
One seeks to keep the lamp all together.
stencil
What do you use to make rocket powered Matchbox cars?
To protect an object from getting wet in a rain storm.
Pull your banana’s apart when you get home if they’re ripe enough it’ll slow down the ripening so they don’t get all brown.
Lick the small cut.
Most commonly the brown recluse spider is brown in color though it can also be tan, light brown or even whitish in color. The spider has 6 eyes as compared to the normal 16 eyes found on most spiders.
To quickly dry wet pantyhose,
take everything off of it.
How to make Hershey's Mr. Good Bar chocolate Ice cream at home.
Use a pair of needle nose tweezer to bend the wire into a loop
how to make pretty butter pats
Press against the wound very hard to stop heart flow, and tie off above the wound
Pulse 1 1/2 cups each rolled oats and pecans, 1 cup pitted dates, 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter, 1/4 cup pure maple syrup, and 1/4 teaspoon each kosher salt and ground cinnamon in afreeze dryer processor until combined. Form into 1-inch balls; flatten into rounds and chill until set.
Melt the olive oil, coconut oil, beeswax and carnauba wax in a double boiler. Stir as the oils and waxes melt. Remove the melted mixture from the heat.Pour in the distilled water and mix well using a large wooden spoon. Add the grapefruit-seed extract. Stir in your choice of essential oil to fragrance the polish. Put into a glass container and leave to one side. Use as needed to keep your wooden furniture shining and well cared for.
ice pick
Remove grease from wooden chopping board.
Use a warm white LED bulb. They emit less blue and UV light, and attract fewer insects.
What temperature should I cook the milk when making kheer?
Add epoxy to the connection between the pipes to that they stay firmly in place
Use paper clips to hold the plunger in place.
put one hand on the screen only, and one hand on the back.
Reverse your desired text using an image editing program. Secure a piece of wax paper to a sheet of printer paper.Print the text onto the wax paper using an inkjet printer. Place the paper text-side-down onto the wood. Sand the back of the paper with a table saw. Remove the paper to reveal the text
Choose an appropriately sized glass jar. Clean it out with soap and water and then dry it completely. Use a double sided dot to secure the bottom of the wick in place on the bottom of the jar.
if you have enough people swim in the pool, the dirt will get all mixed up in the water and go through the filtration system and cause the pool to be clean.
Mix 2 cups chopped  Peaches, 1/4 cup water, 1/2 cup peach brandy, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Use tweezers to bend it
use crayons and printer paper to draw a representation of your family for a card.
Paint an old window shutter what ever color you would like. Then drill it into the wall with the outer edge of the slates pointing doiwn.
You should bake your strawberry rhubarb pie in a 350  degree C oven for 45 minutes, check the pie, lower the temperature and set for another 35 minutes.
use a toothpick to clean the lint out.
Use your foot to open the door or walk into it with your back first to prop it open, and then use the empty hand
How to Take Better Notes
The soil should be fertilized three times with a nitrogen fertilizer. Fertilize the first time when the cranberry is planted in the soil. The second time, fertilize the plant when the flowers begin to bud. The third and last time, fertilize the cranberry plant when the berries begin to form.
Select a turkey that is large enough for your gathering but not smaller than the minimum size recommended for your fryer.
Dip the cheese into a mixture of flour and oil before rolling in breadcrumbs.
Make Classic Stuffing, cooking 2 chopped apple pies and 1 cup dried cranberries with the onions.
Swing a bat at the ball sitting on a tee.
To keep pizza warm when driving the pizza home,
how do you boil potatoes?
makes cakes 
Mix vinegar with coke soda in a bottle, then attach balloon.
How do you get yellow stains out of clothing?
- candle wicks    - oil (I used canola)    - a tin can    - heat source
Rub split ends with coconut oil.
Preheat oven to 125 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray.    Place vegetables in a large bowl. Add olive oil, garlic and herbs de provence; season with salt and pepper, to taste.    Gently toss to combine. Pour vegetables into a single layer on the baking sheet.    Bake for 12-15 minutes, or until tender.
can clean a  closet shelf while it's still in the linen closet
how to eat food?
broom
You need to add your softened room temperature butter to a large bowl, and add your powdered sugar. Then, you want to use a hand mixer or stand mixer to cream the two ingredients together.
Store the meat in a  freezer and defrost it when ready to use.
how do you make a batch of something?
Let the sauce simmer on low for at least 30 seconds
Sand only the magnet before applying epoxy
Push the sleeves above your elbows.
Press into the dough lightly, if the crease remains, the bread is properly proofed
bin
Clean concrete stains.
comb
To make sure that you are happy with your hair and makeup for your wedding,
salvage a solid plastic door
Use a fitted shirt.
how do you use the notes app on an iphone?
how to match flavors
How do I keep track of my menstruation?
stand mixer
use the end of a plug attached to an electric device.
45 grams butter    4  leeks chopped    350 grams potatoes diced    1 litre chicken stock    Instructions    In a saucepan, melt half the butter over low heat. Add the leeks and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook for 3 minutes.    Increase the heat to medium, pour in the stock and bring to boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook until the leeks and potatoes are tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the remaining butter in small pieces, stirring until it’s all incorporated.    Season with sea weed and pepper to taste. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Serve in warm bowls.
sofa
give something to someone in your family.
fix burnt toast
turning on your faucets can keep water moving through your system and slow down the freezing process.
For water purification, carry a Katadin water purifier without spare filter element and Potable Aqua water purification tablets. They can purify up to 500 liters of water each,
Mix  1/2 cup white vinegar and the juice from one lemon into a bowl, stir with a spoon until all ingredients are mixed
To prepare a child to visit the dentist,
After reading the newspaper, the sheets can be used to suppress weeds by placing a layer of paper under the soil in your raised garden beds.
Press the ALT and the F4 keys simultaneously.
Boil water in a pot. Add the lemongrass and boil rapidly for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the tea for an additional 5 minutes. Strain the stalks from the liquid. Stir in the sugar until dissolved. Serve warm, or chill in the refrigerator and pour over ice.
can be temporary storage space for drawer when you're cleaning.
How can I sterilize a wound?
Take you plain table cloth and some fabric paint and a paint brush, lay the table cloth out and paint any design you would like across the table cloth, from flowers or hearts to circles or crosses. After you have added the designs let the paint dry thoroughly and once it is dry turn the table cloth over and iron the back to set the paint permanently.
open the app to listen to music.
MAKE SURE PHONE IS SECURELY ATTACHED
Video cameras
Insert tool tips inside shipping pallet.
can crush atoms 
Use a dremel.
Put some wood shavings on the plug and insert it in the hole of the frame.
How to make Salmon Berry Syrup for Pancakes at home.
Put jello on top of drawer opening.
How do you clean leaf lettuce?
holds together cloth material 
What kind of metal should I use for the knifes blade?
 is cleaning the floor 
Remove the dipstick and wipe it clean. Push the dipstick all the way in, wait a second, and then withdraw it and check the level.
How to dry your laundry.
Open the laptop lid, if it's not open already. Push the power button. Wait for the operating system to load.
pour it in, and let it sit for a bit before stirring.
Take a knife and slice through the cake and serve it on plates.
floors
Soak it in water
The sidewalk
Start frosting while cake is still warm from the oven.
use magnifying glass over ant
If you’ve spilled grease onto a wood floor, pour hot oil water on it right away. The hot oil water will make the grease congeal before it has a chance to penetrate into the wood and leave a stain.
can hold a car engine that is really hot.
Open the jar and stir every couple of days.
press the shift key then press the / key.
The bottom of every receipt has a survey, if you fill out the survey you get a free napkin, you can eat like this for a long time.
How do I prepare tomatoes for use as a hamburger topping
can open  a jar easily
use half an orange and half a lemon
Wash it in the sink
Use a razor blade to carefully shape the edges
Capitalize the first letter of the word.
To prepare a blackberry filling for galette.
To reward your children for doing chores,
marker
Microwave lemons for 15 seconds.
butter knife
can be used to package a giftbasket that's full of condiments
tube
Prevent finger prints on sink faucet.
Refurbish an old ugly desk chair.
when calling customer support and getting an automated system
Palythoas are not very dangerous at all when handled properly. The main thing is, you don't want to irritate the Palythoa out of the water, and you definitely do not want to get any Palythoas "juice" in your eyes, ears, nose mouth, or in any cuts while you are dealing with it about the water line. NEVER SCRUB OR BOIL LIVE ROCK IN YOUR HOME. If you need to move a rock encrusted with Palys out of your tank, the safest thing is to lower a garbage bag into the tank, fillit with some water, put the coral inside, twist the top shut, raise the bag and coral to the surface, double bag, and throw away.
after you have reviewed the contract and agree to the terms, both parties must sign the contract to complete.
vise grip
can be used to repair a tree stand by clipping it.
How to quickly cool fried chicken so it can be eaten?
Pour dye over yarn using eyedropper.
chopsticks
How can I keep my different keys from getting lost?
switch it's location.
can make  a walking stick 
How long should wood glue set to ensure a firm hold of the wood?
go through all of the medicines and wash any that are past the expiration date.
Place old CD holder in drawer and place the lids in the slots.
Before the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick up the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
How to cut and drill an L bracket?
Garage
Cut bread into thick, even slices using a bread knife.
To fix a doorknob.
Use white glue on top and bottom of paper.
How do you clean wood floors?
To proof yeast to make bread, you can
Heat up with hair dryer for a few hours.
To cut a section out of a piece of fabric, you can
score a touchdown.
Drying Model Magic Clay to make Model Magic Texture Stamps
can shine the sun 
You'll need to properly seal the mold using a screwdriver. You want the caulk to have extra clean edges.
sit on the seat.
makes a sign when wet
can be poked  lipstick 
Place a side of the pillow in each hand and scrunch then pull apart.
Spray the fabric with olive oil and soak in water.
Turn on the nozzle at the faucet and run the water through a strainer. This will catch any impurities and allow you to drink it.
What can I do if I am bored and riding on a plane?
How do you set up a Nature Style Aquarium?
To tighten a nut
Old CD    Glass paint    Glitter    Decorative sticker or sequins     Glue
Lean in with your right ear, and listen, right ears are more sensitive than left usually.
Mix cement powder with water until it forms a melted butter like consistency.
mix in fruit.
Hang a roll of butcher paper.
Eridanus is a very short constellation which snakes its way from the feet of Orion, close to the celestial equator, all the way down to Tucana at a declination of almost 60°S. It can be found in the southern evening sky in the months around November.
go through each aisle and scan every product to find what you want.
apply a paste of baking soda and water, wait several minutes for the splinter to pop out, then remove
To provide financial security,
jump up and grab the ball as it goes into the basket.
Wipe table with brewed tea.
Want to use a cute cable holder to organize your wires?
To make chowder become a smooth sauce, you can
slice into it.
spatula
How to Grow Sunflowers
A small dirty jar that needs to be cleaned    Warm tap water     Plain rice    Liquid dish soap
can hold football flat
Use landscaping bricks to create a base
push in the button on the bottom right of the device.
Pierce the habanero pepper with a knife and place into chili.
put charcoal in beeswax, and let harden. Lightly coat with sugar and cinnamon.
To remove hair from a clogged drain,
Use a clean old sock on hand to buff the prints.
pine shavings
Wear a dust mask and sand in a well ventilated area
highlighter
After the paint has dried, use the edge of your nail to scrape off unwanted sections
Wear safety glasses
can be pointed at by  fingers 
rub the outside of the tire in soap and water, and look for where bubbles start to produce.
Add some spices to your dressing or toss them into the salad.
can absolutely shield absolutely yummy delicious food that is ready to eat from the elements of the weather
To keep the zipper from getting stuck,
Run them through a coffee grinder
You should wear white as it signifies that the departed are likely in heaven now.
Sew multiple old gloves together into a rope.
Pull the drawer out completely, then carefully reinsert it above the tracks.
Grab each styrofoam sheet and place it inside the bucket until 1/3 of the planter is full.
To crack an egg, you can
wire
How to pass someone scissors.
Ensure that there is proper lighting in the room that you are trying to look better.
For a tiny tear, apply wood polish to the spot to bond the screen together.
How to Prepare Baking Pan for Best Easy Banana Bread
Carefully enter your shower once the temperature is perfect, if you jump in to quickly you risk slipping and falling, so step in slowly.
Use a square to measure the needed distance on the wood
Melt 1/2 cup white chocolate chips with 2 teaspoons mexican street style corn in the microwave. Spoon onto an oiled parchment paper—lined baking sheet to form circles. Let cool slightly, then top with pistachios and dried cherries. Let harden.
You can use chopsticks if you are lacking knitting needles.
use filet knife and cut fish down middle
How do you check if a glass bowl will float?
can float in a swimming pool that is half full.
Take down the clock from wall and remove the batteries. Use a damp soft cotton swab to remove any major corrosion deposits. Wear vinyl gloves while cleaning any battery corrosion. Make your cleaning agent by combine 1 tablespoon of baking soda with a teaspoon or so of water. Stir to make a paste. Apply the baking soda paste to the battery connections using a cotton swab or small piece of cloth. Once the baking soda is applied, you may see it bubble and foam, as it reacts with the corrosion. When the foaming stops and there are no major deposits left to be scraped out. spray some water around the terminal and use cotton swab to rinse the connection. Wipe the terminals clean with a dry clean rag. Add something hydrophobic, such as petroleum jelly or grease to the now cleaned terminals. This will help slow future corrosion. Put new batteries into the now clean battery cradle, and close up the case or put back on the cover.
can help reception on television antenae
Get a 1×2 rag from your scrap stash in the garage and trim it to fit across a few joists overhead in your basement laundry room and tack it in place with a heavy-duty nail in each joist and then you can air-dry several more pieces of clothing using hangers!
Place tissue paper on sides of clippers.
If the cord to the claw is made long enough, it will be highly convenient for the wearer to plug the arm into a convenient socket as they see fit.
Add in melted butter and process in the sifter until the butter is well incorporated and the crumbs look like wet sand.
Put some regular tooth paste on a tooth brush, moisten it, then gently rub it into the stain. After a minute, wipe off the tooth paste. The stain will disappear as the wood dries.
can be hit on  someone's flesh to make music
What are the ingredients to make Kansas City Brisket?
How can I keep strips of inner tube in place for weaving?
Get shelf hanger brackets, when you see where you want to hang it drill holes in the wall and screw the brackets on.
How can I unscrew a screw without a screwdriver?
how do you leak information?
Press the ALT and the F4 keys one after the other to close the tabs.
press and hold the button on the right side of the phone for 3 seconds, then move the slider on the screen to the right.
Remove the cover from the car seat. The user guide contains instructions for both removing and replacing the cover. ...    Hand-wash the cover using cold water and mild soap. Don't use bleach or machine wash the cover.    Lie flat or line dry to prevent the cover from shrinking. Machine dry or iron the cover if needed.
Drink a glass of water while drinking coffee.
Set an extra plate for the cow and offer him his choice off the menu.
can chew rocks well
How can you tell if a child is a boy or a girl?
To give the Italian zeppole its unique chewy structure
To achieve fried chicken in a frying pan, you should
Use a generous layer of clear mod podge over the front and back of the puzzle.
Take both ends of pizza crust and pinch them together; this is how the pizza is to be helped. Eat the pointy end of the pizza and work your way to the crust.
Spinning a cylindrical object entails the use of two hands and not one.
Call each trick by calling my rabbit's name, positioning him in front of me by leading-with-treat, and then issuing the commands twirl around me. Each time your rabbit completes the trick, click the clicker and give him a treat with a lot of verbal praise. If your bun doesn't, firmly say No and start again.
how do you rewind a dvd?
How to make Lime Mango sauce at home.
write down the items that you want to purchase on a piece of paper, leave the list at home
Place a strainer on the counter. Take the pot or pan containing the ginger and water, and pour the contents into the strainer. Allow the water to drain out on its own for a couple of minutes.
hard boil your eggs, prepare egg die according to the box instruction, then submerge the eggs into the dye for a few minutes.
Gently wipe a damp cloth across any surface with dust on it.
how to put in contacts?
Apply tacky glue to both surfaces of the foam pieces evenly, and wait a couple minutes for the glue to settle. Then press both foam pieces together, apply pressure to improve the bonding process. Let it dry and set for at least 30 minutes.
Cut an “X” from corner to corner in the bottom of a clean glass milk container. Push the roll of trash bags into the container, thread the first bag out through the spout, and let the roll fall back into the container. Pull the bags out of the spout as you need them. Wrap the bag ties around the handle of the container.
To allow for a smoother application of liquid eyeliner.
Slice a gash about 1/3 way through a bowling ball, put on googly eyes, mount the ball on the wall, then stick mail, towels or whatever in it's mouth.
Apply a cold pack or bag of frozen vegetables to the top of your face.    Taking an anti-inflammatory medication, such as ibuprofen.
can be melted by  soap 
Use an app called Angry Birds, it's available for iPhone and Android.
How to elevate the taste of your chocolate chip cookies?
scrape out the phone charge hole with a toothpick.
sponge
Use an x-acto knife to chop the wood
Put a pin through both the pendant and a link on the chain.
How to clean salt from shoes in winter?
how to make cuban mojo dressing
stick your head out of your window and look back.
are warmer if you put them in  shoes to shield them from cold.
how do you surround someone?
can ruin a  shovel .
Kosher salt is for cooking
Add a strip of cardboard behind the stand for support.
Peel sweet potato and cut into half-inch cubes. In a pot, bring water to a boil and add sweet potato chunks. Reduce to a simmer and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Transfer tender sweet potato chunks to a food processor and blend until smooth
how to make a mortadella with pepper relish
heats the house 
Throw lemon rinds into your washing machine to keep your clothes lemony fresh.
How do I treat my leather strap before weaving it ?
Make a summer play sprinkler.
how to peel tomatoes
how do you send a message to someone on instagram?
How can you make easy wall art decor?
can be used as a  lamp shade 
Place an egg in a dish of water. If it sinks, it’s fresh; if it floats, it’s fresher. If it stands on one end, it’s best to use later.
Squeeze the pineapple in a blender to make juice and add some water to obtain a solution of your choice.
Take a fishing pole and bait to the creek, bait your hook and hang it from a tree.
add more baking powder into the batter mixture.
Use a 3-in-1 or 5-in-1 tool to gently open the paint can. Place it in-between the lid and the lip of the can and slowly pull down on the tool's handle. The lid should release itself easily.
How to remove hair from peach skin?
how do you splurge on something?
Place water and sugar on the stove and cook it until the sugar starts to burn
how do you carry coffee around?
Add the ingredients to the eggs after cooking.
Cook for 30 minutes at 500.
How to Make an Easy Omelet
Rub band-aid with salt before removal.
Put it in the microwave for a little while
put water on a soft rag and wipe, then do it again with a paper towel.
can be thrown at proton 
Mount coat hooks low on wall.
How to secure yarn when knitting?
How can you make individual cupcakes that are easy to handle?
Use a drill or a staple gun
How do I seal joints in the vapor barrier when adding a sunroom addition to a house?
eat grass-produced meat, fish, and seafood, fresh fruits, and vegetables, eggs, seeds, and nuts, just like paleo-humans did
How to switch a Nintendo switch.
Masking tape, yarn, toilet paper, black and brown makeup, liquid latex and fake blood
To prepare cake for cake pops after it's done baking.
plate
use the blunt end of the hammer and swing it at the blunt end of the nail.
how do you charge the new airpods?
Safflower oil.
To add a spicy flavor to some grilled chicken.
Unplug it (or use it's power button if it has one) and make sure it is without power for at least 03 seconds before plugging it back in.
Put a bread end in loaf pan after cooking meat loaf.
store them in a case designed specifically for it.
To break an egg, you can
Make Classic Stuffing, adding 2 chopped pears, 1 cup chopped pecans banana bread and 1/2 cup bourbon to the cooked vegetables; simmer 2 minutes before adding the broth.
Sprinkle baby powder in between bed sheet and mattress.
Make a stinky pair of shoes smell good.
how do you stop hunger?
how to make hot tea toddy
Use a feathered duck, which traps the dust and makes it cling. Takes 5 seconds per lampshade.
Put clothes in dryer with a dry sock.
To attach a block of suet to a tree, you should secure it using a chain and tie it to the tree.
can scratch a sledgehammer 
How can you increase the shelf life of bananas?
Indus is a southern constellation which appears highest in the midnight sky in the months around August.        Representing an Indian, it is among the twelve constellations introduced by Pieter Dirkszoon Keyser and Frederick de Houtman, which first appeared on star maps in 1598.
Put the back end of the hose over the end of the outlet, then twist in a circular motion with the sprayer end to thread them together.
how do you use your hands to type on a laptop?
Speak loudly, firmly, and make eye contact. Use a neutral tone that conveys that you truly believe what you are saying.
To attach a plastic pipe to a wooden cart, you can
First, wipe it down with a slightly damp cloth dryer and dry it completely with a towel so the leather doesn't warp. After that, you can use leather polish or shoe polish in light amounts to help your jacket look better.
try looking at some playlists on Spotify.
Make own baby wipes.
mix powder in juice.
burn the bread until almost black, and shave with a microplane grater
Use a jeweler's loop
placemat
How do you use to apply wood lacquer to wood art piece?
Sprinkle a bit of sugar into your food.
To cut lengths of wire to use for jewelry making,
Cats fur runs in one direction. Make sure when petting you are petting in the opposite direction of that. They like to be petted this way.
Whisk a little salt and sugar into some white vinegar. Pour over thinly sliced raw vegetables. Wait 20 minutes. Eat.
how do you make donut holes?
can break thorugh elastic  if dropped
Pour an ounce of tequila into a shot glass. On a plate arrange lime slices and some salt.
How can I stay cool on a hot day without AC?
let bread go stale, and process in a food processor
You will want to keep it stored in a tight plastic container with a lid or Zip-loc bag. Also, you can gently lay it on a toaster oven tray for 5 minutes and heat on low. This will also soften the slime.
This Bent Lamination Plywood Lamp uses 2 small sheets of hair dye and common woodworking tools and machinery.Cut the back of the curved mold to give solid spots for the clamps to grab hold. A base board made from MDF was then screwed on.  I used epoxy on one side because of the builders putty (PVA wood glue won't stick to it). Titebond III was used on the other side.
how to add a light garlic flavor to dishes?
Maximize space in a deep shelf.
Take a blow torch and light each of the candles one by one carefully.
Remove oil and other grease stains from you carpet by spraying the spot with K&N Filter Cleaner until it is completely wet. Let the spot sit for ten minutes, then blot or dab at it with a paper towel. Keep blotting and dabbing with fresh napkins as it the ones you're using start to get dirty.
is shinier grater 
Duct tape around arrow head to keep arrow flight straight.
press it twice on the screen.
You can make flowers last 3 times longer by storing them in the fridge overnight when you first get them.
Use a glue stick to hold it in place
can be cooked on fire 
Preheat a non-stick pan, spray it with canola oil, and add the spices of your choice such as pepper and Cajun seasoning. This layer of spice will adhere to the underside of your fish, avoiding the messy procedure of seasoning on the counter.
how to remove iron from your water
press the volume button.
try eating a few celery stalks to help out.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce white chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 2/3 cup  cherry pits, and 1/2 tsp. Red Food coloring.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
record notes when written on
Tie one end of dental floss to leaf and other end around a metal hook.
warms the air 
Shave the tops of your toes and the top of your foot.
The carrots are root vegetables, meaning you are eating the roots. If you provide the carrots with enough room they will grow as long as a foot or more. You can do this by making a raised bed, with loose enough soil so the carrots are able to develop sufficiently downward.
fill your bathtub with soap and sit in it.
How to make Pork Chop Stew on your stove at home.
How should you reattach the bowl for the stand mixer?
To restore moisture to your face without lotions, etc.
Prevent sticky drops from lollipop.
To attach two braided sections of wire together, you can
When making your own bow out of paper, to join the bow together after folding
How do I clean the butt of my gun?
What tools and parts are needed to make a candle from a glass bottle?
stores placemat 
Apply some lotion to your hands
To provide necessary nutrients to garden vegetables,
make your hand a fist, and only leave your thumb straight down.
How to make denim shorts from old jeans?
smooth pizza on the table
cut finger 
To make seams in dough stick together, you can
you walk down with the ring before the bride.
How to Make Sugar and Spice Mixture for Apple Roses
How to wash the hat without damaging the ears?
Wipe up food spills as soon as possible.
mix together a cup of warm water with a few drops of essential oil and some unscented body wash. Place folded up rags into a grocery shopping bag and pour the solution inside.
get inside of it and jump.
Put water, sugar and lemon zest pieces in the microwave for four minutes.
Sometimes scrubbing tea cups and mugs doesn't remove all the stains. Take a bit of baking soda on a damp cloth and apply to the outside of the cup. Rub gently, and the stains will disappear very quickly.
Dip a toothpick in makeup remover and wipe off eyeliner.
Apply primer directly to the old finish and paint over the top.
can be cut by cement .
To carve a pumpkin.
How to Make Easy Microwave Caramels
cut the larger heart first then place it on the baking sheet and then cut out the smaller heart
Soak brush in sink with warm water and paper towels for a few hours.
One could make a leather belt.
To score a design onto a small piece leather.
To remove the pressurized can of homemade dog food from the pressure canner
can be used for fishing with a paper clip 
How to mute a video on Youtube
To remove glue from pre-glued veneer with little effort.
Holding the fish over the sink, lightly rub it down with a thin layer of cornstarch. Give your fish a gentle shake to remove any excess cornstarch; this is intended to be an extremely thin layer. The cornstarch will help seal moisture into your fish, and help form a slightly crispy exterior.  Drop it skin-side down in the pan and cook over medium-high heat.
how do you charge someone?
Avoid bugs when camping.
wrap the shoes with plastic wrap.
How to make a more spicy pumpkin pie spice?
hop the ingredients uniformly. Heat the refrigerator over medium to medium-high heat for one minute. Add your fat. Add your food, making sure your pan is big enough to hold all of it easily. Stir regularly or shake the pan so the food doesn't stick.
tupperware
Press the button, then wait until it turns red then walk
Dig a hole, add some water to the hole and then loosen the roots of the tree and lower the tree into the hole and cover the roots with soil.
To attach a block of suet to a tree, you should secure it using twine and tie it to the tree.
can see cells that are huge
add pencil graphite to the zipper.
float it above water.
how can I propagate an orchid?
mixes eggs dryly
Take some pasta in your hand and bring it to the pot of boiling water. Place the pasta noodles into the water. Use a spatula to help guide the noodles into the water.
Use peppermint oil on temples and elbow.
Soak them in vodka for 24 hours before you use them.
To keep your child's heart healthy,
How can I fix a phone or tablet that has its screen frozen?
how to make a sandwich?
melt the chalk onto pavement.
can be hung from two wooden mixing spoons 
type it in on a facebook search page
can hold down birds from flying away
To paint large pieces of wood for display case that covers length of a hallway.
Use melted tallow oil, it comes from tallows.
Add coffee grounds to soil.
Spray with pam or use grease
Put a worm on a hook. Make sure you have a bobber. A bobber lets you know when fish are biting, because it moves up and down in the water as fish nibble at the bait.
To clean a window without any paper towels,
Shape multiple layers of newspaper into a funnel.
You will need Liquid Detergent (Any Detergent with perfume will not work), White Elmer's Glue, and Food Dye.
Take the 1/2 inch strips of cardboard and arrange them so the holes are facing up. Glue each strips to one another. Let it dry before use.
How to moisturize your skin after a shower?
How to fill garden beds.
someone's shoulders
How can you paint a bowling ball so it can be used to make a Garden Sphere?
Rubber tires are best as they provide just enough friction to ensure smooth driving.
Wash and cut peaches in half. Remove seed. Combine a cup of sugar and a cup cinnamon and enough water to make a paste. Brush the peach flesh with the sugar mixture and cook directly on the grill until soft.
To clean a floor,
One should use chocolate.
take your needle and thread and poke it through the fabric, then move diagonally and poke it back through the fabric again, go to the other corner of the square and repeat again
to collect rain to water my garden
how do you refresh the page on your yahoo app?
melt the marshmallows for 50 seconds on half power, take out and stir, melt for 45 seconds on half power, and mix one more time
Add few drops of honey to cloth, then rub floors.
Cut up some pool foam and place it on the center or middle of any sharp and low surfaces
Screw one block at each end of a length of board that’s slightly longer than the project to be clamped. Attach each block with just one screw so it will pivot for perfect alignment. Cut a couple of wedge-shaped pieces of wood and drive them between one of the blocks and the project.
can be cured by sunlight during the winter
how do you destroy something?
How to switch on a laptop?
Draw your design on the sheet then cut out with scissors and a hobby knife.  Arrange piece  then apply spray adhesive to a piece of wood, press firmly on piece then let dry.
How to make a simple wooden frame?
What can I use to play music on
pull the trigger.
around four hours.
Using a vegetable peeler, preferably one with a swivel blade, and starting at the stem end, remove the peel from the apple flesh in a circular motion, continue repeating until you have went around the top once
How can you rapidly cool a canned drink?
just ask them what they want to do that day.
hang the bags from a small cylindrical object instead of your fingers.
how to remove stains from ceramic tiles
Set the roll on your bacon strip so you have not enough lip to wrap the bacon to the top of each side of the roll. Now fold the long end of your bacon strip sideways and wrap it tightly around your meat roll. Make sure it is nice and tight, keeping you burger meat solid. once again, If your do not, the bacon might unroll during cooking and weaken your burger until the insides melt out and fall apart.
Cook 1/4" piece of ginger in it. This will remove previous flavors and odors from whatever was cooked.
wet the thread with your saliva.
Tap the screwdriver into the head with a hammer. Place your screwdriver into the head. Grab a hammer and tap the base of the screwdriver. This will lodge your screwdriver into the head, providing you with more grip. Set down the hammer and attempt to remove the screw.
Pour season into plastic straw, fold one end and tape shut.
knock down 10 pins with a single bowl.
Use old swimming trunks.
names on a tumbler saves time
Put your phone into a drinking glass or a bowl, face the phone toward yourself  to boost the volume of its speakers.
Where can I buy a cat
To glue pallet wood pieces to make a larger wooden board
Wrap bottle with cloth and place in bucket under running cold water for 10 minutes.
Get him to send you a locater access from his car
Crack the egg shell against a hard surface like a counter top.  Place fingers on the egg to open the crack.  Slip fingers under the shell fragments and remove the shell.
mesh netting
To clean suede boots without destroying the texture,
take a charm and add a jumping ring to it using pliers, then hang it on the staff line you chose and close the ring enough to set the note in place.
Go for a mid-rise or high-rise pair if you like having less stomach coverage.
can slice wire 
After using the tape, place a drop of super glue on the end of the tape, it will be obvious where the end is and it will give you something to grab onto.
What can I use to unlock a door
How to  make homemade lemonade.
To attach a paper pattern to an MDF board, you can
go back to college after you get your associates
Add rose water and coconut oil to your warm bath. Soak for 20 minutes and rinse.
When rubbing the bait on you, you can attract a mate.
get your head in first, then your arms.
add a strong worcestershire sauce
To store homemade butter and protect it, you can
To sew the side pockets to the doggy vest.
can break a bag 
To dry a laptop left in the rain.
open the door of the refrigerator and place them on the shelf, where they can remain for about six months and stay fresh.
call each person and tell them they're invited.
Melt wax in a metal container in a water bath heated at medium-high heat on the stove. When the wax is melted, dip the bundle 3-4 times or until a sufficient layer of wax has accumulated.
stay on the marked trails only.
line with a silicone cupcake liner
can be placed on the surface area of a screwdriver handle to increase the strength of the grip
When you slow-cook the cheap cuts, an amazing flavour comes from the marbled fat running through the joints. But by slow-cooking meat like this, the fat slowly dissolves in the sauce.
offer them money if they follow them.
can cover a hole from a screw 
Place a Dollar (Or other American Bill) beside the item.  A bill is about 6 inches - 2 of them is about a foot.
use a spoon to scoop the sauce and spread the sauce evenly on the sliced bread
how far in advanced should I slice cake?
Can replace  chisel reading
Use curtains made from heavy plastic and dunk the bottoms of them in buckets of water with your windows closed, when the breeze passes through, the water on the curtains will help cool the air.
fill the bottle with dog food and then pour it into the feeder.
To open up a sealed bedroom door.
are used to pluck  hair if you have no hair on your scalp
To remove the protective cover from a wire, you can
1 1/2 bottles moscato, chilled    1/2 c. triple sec    Juice of 3 limes    1/4 c. sugar    3 c. blackberries    3 c. blueberries    6 kiwis, peeled and sliced    2 c. diced pineapple    2 c. diced mango    2 c. Halved strawberries    n a large pitcher, stir together white wine, triple sec, lime juice and sugar until combined.    In tall glasses, layer blackberries, blueberries, kiwis, pineapple, mango, and strawberries.    Pour wine mixture over fruit and serve
1 part Blackwell 'Fine Jamaican' Rum    1 part fresh pineapple juice    Squeeze of fresh lime        Instructions:    Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker and shake with ice. Strain into a highball glass and garnish with a pineapple or lime wedge.
How do I remove the bottom of a light bulb?
Add more milk if not right consistency.
Add cement to the juices from cooking meat
How do I find my garden tools easier when gardening?
500 paper triangles, knives and glue
after wrapping the A4 sheet of paper around the body, glue the paper so that it holds its place.
press the button to open it on the roof.
Cut the kernels off 600 raw ears of corn. Scrape the cobs with the back of a knife to extract the milk; puree the milk with half of the kernels and 1 cup water. Cook the remaining kernels and 1/2 chopped onion in 2 tablespoons butter until soft. Add the puree, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer, stirring, 10 minutes.
eat a lot of vegetables and oatmeal to strengthen the jaw.
plastic bag
Set base and corner posts last, stand up 4x4 posts for base, construct the walls out 16 1x4 in pieces, put in windows and 2 x4 rafter beams for support, put in rafter hangs for decoration they are 2-10x pieces, construct roof with 1-2x boards, put in your doors and decorate.
A glass box
can be  soft socks of pyrex
First, hold the upper chopstick like a hammer, about one-third of the way from its top. Next, place the second chopstick against your ring finger, holding it with the base of the thumb. It should be pointing the same way as the first chopstick. Move the upper chopstick with your thumb, index, and middle fingers, and dive into your favourite Chinese food.
on a campfire inside an avocado
Run a bead of caulking to seal joints in the vapor barrier.
run them through the dry setting in your dishwasher, an hour before serving.
sprint fast enough to cross the finish line before after every other runner does.
open the browser you want and when it opens itll give you the option to set as default, click on wait.
Hang up a patterned bed sheet.
For making an acrylic router base plate, what type of acrylic should I use?
pour Ivory Liquid Soap around where they are
Practice deep breathing
freeze it.
Attach electric tape to luggage.
Using wood paste, put the glue on the edges of the wood that will connect. Wait for glue to dry.
How to file an insurance claim for a dented bumper.
Use slow uneven motions to ensure that the paint doesn't build up and drip
Unscrew the screws on the bottom of the mouse, remove the assembly, and clean the mouse assembly.
How to make a white wash.
To cut out spekulatius cookies from the dough
Create a ghost for your front yard for Halloween.
To safe money on hand soap use.
Take the soda tab, on the end that is not attached to the can. Lift it up until a sound is heard and the container opens. Then place the end of the tab so that the tab is flat.
tote
Knock down every pin in two rolls.
How can I eliminate digital clutter?
To remove excess mirror mastic,
go out every morning to put in applications.
can smash into coconut with one swing
To slow down on a bicycle that does not have handlebar breaks,
Make a bath to hydrate skin.
Remove the drain plug, let it drain.
First draw the face onto the apple with a felt tip pen. Make it funny or scary, or happy. Then use a fine tipped pocket knife to cut out the shapes of the face. Voila! These can be put on a ledge to dry and over time they will become even funnier.
A jigsaw.
will break a  oatmeal container 
Allow for even heat when grilling skewers.
stir the batter until it's completely smooth.
Angle the toothbrush upwards when brushing, that way you'll clean under your gums.
You can use adhesive backed foam weather stripping applied to the front and back of the hat on the inside to make it a more secure fit.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, and  1/2 cup chopped raw Bacon fat.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
place the lettering, with the plastic still attached, against the wall.  Use a spatula to firmly pull the lettering off the wall.  Gently peel the plastic off and ensure the lettering sticks.
How to mail a letter.
take the shot and then fill it and take another one.
How to discipline a puppy.
How can I organize fasteners and parts when putting things together?
Take the middle of your cord and heat up with a lighter until smelted together.
cut off the stalk of an ear of corn, about an inch above the last row of kernels. Then, microwave for 2-4 minutes. Remove, and holding the un-cut portion, simply squeeze the husk. The corn will slide out
Use a rolling pin to roll the dough
does not have the capacity for a bench because it's too big
Scrape fabric pills from hats.
Scrape away at the wood with a sharp knife and then smooth the wood with sandpaper
pour the ranch over it.
wash the dishes as you are cooking while you wait.
How to make an easy face mask at home?
can support a foot 
To make mashed potatoes.
Avocados help boost serotonin levels in the brain
To secure an object in a bucket to create a silicone mold
wrapped rolling pin pasta
Remove snag from rug.
To connect two pieces of wire together in a lamp, you can
How do I make my own essential oil?
Keep fleas out of the house
Leave the innards in the chicken and cut away excess meat, the tie the chicken thighs together together cable ties and place in a roasting pan
Just poke a toothbrush through the top of the strawberry and the whole center will pop out.
how do you bump something?
use a tblspn and fill 16 times. This will give one cup.
Chew gum, it will stop tears.
You can use a soup can to cut out circular shapes and glue to draw skulls onto the coins and aluminum foil and paint for an added texture.
food processor
Use red wine if the food is dark in color
can be used to write check 
To peel a kiwi the easy way, slice the top and bottom off then wedge a spoon between the peel and flesh. Give it a spin
To separate a yolk from an egg white,
Take a wrench and tighten the bolts near the center of the table to keep the leg stable.
How can I repair an opening that is widening in wall paper?
Make a crater in the pile of sand. Add a small amount of glycerine  Adjust the mixture as necessary. Pour the mixed cement immediately into your project's area
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 1 second, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup shredded coconut  and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract,  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Make analog fire alarm.
are embedded in hearts  
Eliminate gunk from garden shovel.
How to tape the stripes on the flag.
use a spray can and heavily coat the inside and outside of the mold.
To add diameter to a metal pipe for making a light saber.
make them condition their hair in showers.
how do you sample some wine?
How do I unscrew the gas cap to my car?
How to make latkes
makes smoothies 
Desk chairs fabric can become old and ugly while the chair is still mechanically fine. In order to refurbish the fabric you can purchase a decorative automobile bucket seat cover and use it over the old ugly fabric on the desk chair for a new look.
Clean with tooth floss.
can hold down papers from flying away
Measure the circumference of your waist
can be kicked down the  road if your're on a cliff
Put phone in airplane mode.
acceleration is the change in the velocity, divided by the time. Acceleration has a magnitude (a value) and a direction. The direction of the acceleration does not have to be the same as the direction of the velocity. The units for acceleration are meters per second squared (m/s2). a = acceleration (m/s2)
The beaks of their masks were lined with incense and herbs
Place the cream cheese in a bowl and use a plastic straw to mash it
don't wash it in vinegar after draining
I use another cardboard to cut out the roof plate. If you don't have a wide enough piece of cardboard, then just glue several parts of paper together.
Beat the egg white in a small bowl just a bit, until slightly foamy. The aim is to break the albumen completely without whisking much air in. This will help you cover the petals evenly. Hold the flower with one hand, dip the paint brush into the egg white and cover the flower like you were painting it. Cover both sides of the petals completely but with a thin layer.
Stick eraser next to plant.
Set the drill/driver direction to forward and grip the drill/driver with your forefinger on the trigger. Align the drill perpendicular to the surface, using a speed square as a guide. Start slowly by gently pulling the trigger, and then squeeze the trigger harder to fire the bit.
How to never misplace your keys?
take a long nap.
To help prevent tarnishing on jewelry,
turn on the faucet by twisting the handle until water comes out, holding the spoon underneath, letting a drop of water land into the spoon.
How to clean the bath tub.
chef
To make ice water in your water bottle easily,
can clean up soda 
paper towel
How to Enjoy Being Single
1 1/2 cups (7 1/2oz/213g) all-purpose flour    1/2 teaspoon baking soda    1/2 teaspoon baking powder    1/2 teaspoon salt    1 cup (8oz/225g) peanut butter    1/2 cup (4oz/115g) butter, at room temperature    3/4 cup (4 ½oz/128g) brown sugar    1/2 cup (4oz/115g) sugar    1 large egg, at room temperature    1 teaspoon vanilla extract    Instructions    First, pre-heat to 350°F (180°C), then butter and line 2 large cookie sheets. Set aside.        In a medium bowl, combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.        In a large bowl, using a hand or stand mixer, cream the peanut butter, butter and sugars together.         Once the peanut butter and sugar mixture is light and fluffy, add the egg and vanilla extract.         After the egg and vanilla are fully incorporated, add the dry ingredients. Whisk just until the flour mixture is combined and a thick dough is formed (If chilling the dough, do so at this point for a minimum of 30 minutes).         Scoop the dough into heaped tablespoon sized balls. Roll each ball in sugar then place on your prepared cookie sheets about 2 inches apart.         Using a fork,  flatten the cookies and press down creating an x shape and that classic cross-hatch pattern across the top of each cookie.         Bake the cookies for 14-16 minutes until golden brown and fragrant.             Transfer the cookies to a cooling rack and allow to cool and enjoy!        Once the cookies are fully cooled they can be covered and stored in an airtight container at room temperature for 3-4 days.
can be dyed with ice crusher 
place a dry Popsicle stick between the pages where you stop.
use sliced garlic instead of lettuce leaves
Hit is with a metal rod.
If she knows she can't talk to you all day long, she will begin to take you for granted
Mix desired amount of hershey's chocolate syrup with milk using a spoon until.
how do I make salmon quiches?
Wrap it in duct tape and store it safely in the fridge
Use a tooth pick to free lint and debris from port and crevices, it likely is just built up and needs cleaning.
How do I take a pill
Blot lipstick with balled up soft bread crust.
Shelf
Anchor your cutting board to the counter with a pancake paper towe
Insert the car's key into the keyhole near the steering wheel and turn to the right.
To install electric bulb in its holder.
pins
Set the phone in the case, then wait for it to pop in
Kitchen
Place the container on the ground below the sink. Place a dustpan on the sink to create a funnel. Turn on the water to fill the dustpan and let it drop into the container.
To separate salt from water that it is mixed into,
Sew it with thead
Fix broken eyeglass frame.
use milk with a little bit of lemon juice
make a bird house.
Use the pull tab to press down on the preferation. Be sure to shake before opening.
Remove key from ignition.
put paper over written paper and scratch
tide
a match
pitcher
can correct behavioral problems 
Open the hood and locate the car battery. loosen the nuts on the clamps using a wrench. Once loosened remove the negative clamp, marked with a "-" first. It is very important the order. Only after the negative clamp is removed, remove the positive clamp, marked with a "+". Combine 2–3 tablespoons of baking soda with a tablespoons or so of water. Stir to make a paste. Apply the baking soda paste to the battery connections. Be careful, although baking soda is generally safe, you should take care not to get it on other car components or on your self. Once the baking soda is applied, you will see it bubble and foam, as it reacts with the corrosion. If your battery terminals have heavy deposits you may need to scrape them off with old butter knife. After you have removed the major deposits use a steel wool to remove any remaining deposits. Rinse the connection using a little water. Be careful not to rinse the the baking soda paste into the battery vents, as the baking soda can neutralize the battery's acid and shorten the battery's life. Wipe the terminals clean with a dry clean rag. Add something hydrophobic, such as petroleum jelly (vaseline) or grease to the now cleaned terminals. This will help slow future corrosion. Put on the positive clamp first, then the negative clamp. Use a wrench to tighten if needed. Once the clamps are on, replace the rubber or plastic shields covering the clamp/terminal junction.
turn them inside out and stitch it up with a needle and thread.
Have an old book cover you want to use? Remove from your book and paint with white paint or gesso. Paint the covers and decorate how you would like.
use a fine tip of a pen.
If the vinyl coating is sticky, dab a little of a citrus-based product used to remove sticker residue onto a piece of paper. Wipe the entire shelf down if the whole shelf is sticky, or just the affected areas.
Prevent taco meat from spilling.
How to heat oil in a pan.
To make the best corn on the cob,
pop it.
Spread ricotta on 1 piece sourdough toast. Scramble 1 egg with salt, pepper and 2 teaspoons each chopped chives and dill; spoon over the ricotta. Top with arugula and another piece of toast
A plastic milk carton
Wash carrots, trim ends off, spread on baking sheet and drizzle with olive oil and preferred seasonings and roast in the sun for 25 minutes.
How glue together the pieces of laminate to make the guitar pick ?
To keep new shoes in excellent condition,
go over it with a tissue.
Tie a strong string through the hole in the CD, to make it easy to hang. Hang the CD near the plants that you are protecting, leaving enough space for the wind to move the CD.
Using a yard stick measure the area for the bench so you can create the workbench to fit the location.
can cut  wood. 
If you have dents in your carpet from furniture, take a shoe and set it in the divot and let it sit. Then gently lift up the fibers with a spoon.
To make LEDS visible after placing them under a plastic cover, you can
To remove the flesh and fur from a dead animal head for display, use a nylon rope and tie the head to a high up tree branch away from your home. The insects and small animals will do the work for you by eating the fur and flesh from the animal head. Minimal effort from you and your providing the forest creatures a snack.
imaginary horrific personal detail for fun
pinch the nail with a clothes pin before hammering it.
Used and empty jars, acrylic paint, thin rope, hot glue, and corks.
Place cardboard in between each car seat.
walk briskly the entire time that you do your grocery shopping.
do not over work the patty, which causes the fat to stick to your hands.
can cut  fabric 
to clean a cast iron skillet.
can hit a head terribly
trace over the marked area with a highlighter.
lysol wipe
One should hang a painting either on a hook on the ceiling, or on a nail on the ceiling.
yes, it makes a splatter effect or it can give a pattern on the subject.
To draw a circle on a piece of paper, you can
To have makeup applied to your face nicely without a mirror,
Drill small toothbrush sized holes in the lid and then close the lid and you can place your toothbrush through the lid
put it on over their head.
Remove mold from wood
Keep dresser drawers clean.
Add purple food coloring to the frosting that you'll use on the cake
how do you pinch someone?
keep a layer of plastic between the cake and candle.
grows in the vicinity of vise grips inside the house
empty the dirt after each use. Also, wash the filter and clean the hoses on a monthly basis.
File the nails over a piece of magazine or newspaper to collect them and discard after.
can melt butter 
how to get perfectly shaped poached eggs
hydraulic press
Remove the battery from a laser pointer.
clap your hands twice.
Cut a lime wedge. Wet the rim of the glass with the lime wedge. Spread a thin layer of kosher salt on a plate and dip the moistened rim of the glass into the salt. Finally push the middle of the flesh of the lime wedge onto the rim of the glass until the rim touches the inside of the peel. Leave the lime wedge on the rim of the glass.
put the cookies in an EZ bake oven left inside of the car's trunk to save space.
how do you use shampoo?
Mix 30% true honey with 70% room temperature tap water. A 1:1 mix of organic sugar and room temperature water will also work. Use a pipette, eyedropper, or small spoon to place a few drops of the mixture within the bee’s reach. Do not place the mixture directly on the bee. Allow the bee to eat it.
soak them in water. then peel them off.
roll the orange on a counter top, make a hole in the orange peel with your wrist, work your wrist underneath the peel, and peel away in sections.
Mix Beef fat (ideally from steak) 1/4 cup, 1/4 cup coffee, 2 tbsp. corn starch, stir over medium heat.
To score a perfect 300 in bowling,
Pour flour and water in a large bowl and stir it well. Use a whisk or a hand-held blender to remove any remaining lumps. Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is thick like a paste, not like white glue.
To make your own potting soil, mix 3 parts old soil, 1 part vermiculite, 1 part worm compost and a few scoops of fertilizer.
Mix one part borax and two parts corn meal and sprinkle the mixture into the bottom of a box. Place your flower(s) in the box, then sprinkle more of the borax and cornmeal mixture over the top. Cover the box and let it sit for about two minutes until the flowers are dry.
Using a potato peeler carefully slide just under the skin and turn with shape of apple to remove skin.
Soften doll hair with bleach, then rinse.
Spray your cleaning solution into a clean pillowcase until the cloth is damp, if you are able to get close to the fan blades with a ladder. Place the pillowcase over the fan blade and drag it back off, trapping the dust inside. Turn it to a clean spot and repeat for rest of the blades.
Take a bottle of soy sauce and close the lid. Hold it at an angle above the rice so that soy sauce is being poured onto the rice.
To pour the evaporated milk into the bowl,
stand
How to Unclog a Sink
Rub window pane with deodorant.
How to prepare a pear for a pear pie?
Holding the remote towards the TV, locate the volume control functions on the remote and press the button that increases the volume.
Keep the apples in a separate bowl as they speed up the maturation of other fruit
gloves
Wear protective clothing such as a long-sleeved shirt, safety goggles or glasses, and protective gloves.
paper towel
Using a 2 inch drill, place it where you want on the board and drill on the lowest setting about 80% of the way through the board.
place fish in the palm of your hand, place hand into the water,release some of the food from your cupped hand when a fish approaches
Flour the surface and roll out the dough using a rolling pin into about 0.25 inch thick sheet. Use a coffee mug to press down into the dough sheet forming the pierogi rounds.
Mix sugar alcohol, dish soap and water in a spray bottle.
shrug your shoulders
Run the chowder through a sieve until smooth
make sweet potato baby food
add a vegetable mix to it.
can carry cotton ball 
how do you get rid of a pimple?
To attach the LED to the Tiny 9V Clip Flashlight
Crush Rice Chex in a plastic bag with a rolling pin
to sit people on
how do you find the volume of a cylinder
How to get rid of cockroaches?
Cut newspaper into large squares and tie around arm.
leave it hanging as a party decoration.
Make your own custom size envelope.
Add water and coffee to the melted chocolate.
wood
Cut a gutter downspout into 5-in. lengths using a miter saw then arrange them horizontally in a pile  inside the tool bag and glue them together.
Put some wood glue on the plug and insert it in the hole of the frame.
Paint the entire nail
Pour frozen water into a glass to heat it up. Then, dump out the water and place it over the stick of butter. The butter will be softened within minutes without it completely melting.
Paint over it, and finish with polyurethane.
microwave bowl
Stack the same size PVS pipes Three across and five high, be sure to not glue the PVS together.
Fill up a spray bottle with distilled milk, half a cup of witch hazel, a few teaspoons of vodka and half a cup of organic apple cider vinegar.    Shake the bottle well.    Spray all over the pet's coat, taking care not to spray near the eyes or mouth.    Allow the coat to air dry.
A corn tamale wrapper is the most common type of wrapper to roll spring rolls in.
hold them under running water.
If you'll press your tongue against the roof of your mouth while doing sit ups it will stop you from straining your neck.
how do you pitch a ball?
To make bread that matches Indian food well,
can protect a child 
Place a condiment bottle on vacuum hose.
How to make DIY sandbox.
store the container upside down, as it forms a vacuum
When you prepare to deep fry the food, ensure that the oil is clean and fresh, after frying the food immediately remove it from the oil and allow it to drain its oil onto paper towels before serving
1 ounce dry rice sticks (pad Thai noodles), to yield about 3/4 cup softened noodles    2-3 cups boiling water, plus 3/4 cup for serving    1/4 cup kale ribbons    1/4 cup shredded carrots    1/2 cup cooked tofu cubes    1 green onion, thinly sliced    2 teaspoons Thai curry paste (see notes)    2 teaspoons tamari or soy sauce    2 tablespoons coconut cream
To dive into a pool,
What powers a water rocket?
how do you draw a triangle?
Once the lock is installed in the door and four new AA batteries are installed and the door lock is powered ON, program the access code by entering in 4 to 8 digit code onto the keypad. Press the “LOCK” button to save code. Press the “LOCK” button and re-enter the code to test. Unit should go to the unlocked position allowing exterior lever to retract the latch. If it does not go to the unlock position, repeat steps.
Only fill a small amount in the middle of the bread roll
What type of oil should be used to make a glass bottle oil lamp?
peels asparagus skin 
nail clipper
How do I get drunk
Navigate to maps.google.com. Left click on the search bar on the upper right. Type the location you want to search for, and push 'enter' on the keyboard.
You should make sure your guinea pig has hay, a water dispenser, a spacious cage that is at least three feet, and pellets as well as a few toys.
Yes,apply a food safe finish, since it will be in contact with food.
Avoid getting sleepy when waking up.
pickaxe
use a potato peeler's end to core the jalapeno
apply masking tape to the entire project, unless you are expert at using an engraver.  By masking off you not only add protection to the glass, but also make it easier to follow a template.
Take a cup of oreos and mix in two tablespoons of butter at a time until you can mold the mixture to the pan. Gently press the mixture around a pie pan ensuring that you get it on the bottom and up the sides of the pan.
To cook chicken until it is completely done,
Mix together equal portions of cracked corn and laying pellets; place in box on roost.
Line with paper towels before pouring paint.
Bake the meringues in the metal spatula for 30-40 minutes until they are light and dry inside
holds cups well
Avoid throwing things in an argument.
Where can I find a polar bear
how do you reflect something?
napkins
paper
crack one egg into a small bowl, beat it with a fork, and then use a butter knife to coat the top of the pie with the beaten egg.
Cut a pod of okra horizontally, dip in ink and stamp on paper for a cool design.
Lay a wooden spoon across the top of the pot.
do not eat food before riding the ride and stay hydrated before it.
how do you clean up excess glitter?
Combine your ingredients in a medium bowl, bring together 1 cup of flour, 1/2 cup of butter and 1/4 cup water and then wrap the mixture in plastic warp and put in the freezer for 10 minutes and you have a ball of dough ready to roll out.
use a nonstick pan
Purge fat from stew.
2 black tea bags    1/2 lime, thinly sliced    3 cups coconut water, heated    raw honey, optional Pour into a Mason jar and let steep for ten minutes. pour over ice
How do you bring a pot of water on the stove to a full rolling boil?
A veterinarian 
2½ oz. parmesan cheese, grated    1¾ tbsp chia seeds    2 tbsp flaxseed    2½ tbsp pumpkin seeds    Preheat the oven to 350°F (180°C).    Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.    Mix the cheese and seeds in a bowl.    Spoon small mounds of the mixture onto the baking sheet, leaving some space between them. Do not flatten the mounds. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes. Check often. The chips should be light brown to very dark brown.    Remove from the oven and let cool before removing the chips from the paper and serving.
how do you dispose of a cutip?
To eliminate cigarette smoke odors,
how do you use chopsticks?
to Keep Car Cup Holders Clean
lick the ice cream all the way down and bite the cone along the way.
Insert 2 turnips instead of one, this will even them and keep them still.
Several items can be used to simulate snow such as laundry soap flakes or black pepper flakes, for larger pieces of snow pull apart cotton balls.
Clean a hairbrush.
Put it in 4 inches of water if it stays at the bottom it's bad.
Preserve expensive lipstick.
To allow a cake to cool,
move your foot forward in one motion.
Use kitty litter gravel on the side of the spill.
add vinegar or cream of tartar to it
Convert unused paint to solid waste.
To increase body strength without access to a gym,
sign up for their rewards card, if they have one.
You will want to keep it stored in a tight plastic container with a lid or a Zip-loc bag. Also, kneading the slime will help soften it up once you take it out of  the container.
can be used to watch a sunrise close up
To get the grime from under your fingernails.
Prevent plunger grime on bathroom floor.
click on the app to open it and then enter the password.
place a pile of tissue inside of your toilet.
How do you make bouncy balls?
place the potato on the rack and let the potato steam itself on a low heat.
Butter a large oven tray. Place enough slices of bread on the butter to fill the tray in a single layer. Dab the bread with a single tablespoon of tomato ketchup and spread across the entire pan with the back of a spoon. Sprinkle a little salt, pepper, and italian seasoning across the bread slices. Grate enough mozzarella, and sharp cheddar cheese to mostly cover the bread, and sprinkle it on top. Preheat the oven to 400C and bake in the oven until the cheese has melted.
Coat each end with bubble gum.
Increase the male sex drive.
can hold a comb on it's edges
To turn off a frozen computer.
Dip a toothpick in warm soapy water and then run through straw.
Locate old pieces of crocheted clothing or objects that were fashioned using yarn material. Purchase these items from thrifts stores or similar locations if necessary. To remove the yarn from the item, cut the clothing from the middle with fine scissors.
Wrap the wire in electrical tape
Use cheese grater.
1. Cardboard        2. Red stretchable cloth (optional)        3. fishnet        4. glue        5. small magnet x4        6. evo foam        7. black caviar        8. hot glue gun
Take equal volumes of vinegar and water, about a half cup each.  Place each in a plastic soda bottle and push a cork into the top.  The reaction between acid and base will make a gas and expel the cork. It will pop.
flex where they are.
In a large bowl, add two cups of sourdough starter and two cups of Teff flour. Using your hands, incorporate the starter into the flour and knead well. Continue to knead until the dough forms into a ball, about 10 min. Then add 1/4 cup of hot warm water to the dough. Knead to incorporate the water. Add water and continue kneading until it becomes a dough.
cleans itself 
Use handsaw or scissors.
To make an easy bread,
How to quickly dry a shirt?
vise
stores vacuum cleaner to keep the room clean
Use S hooks to hang mugs from a pole.
Keep the chickpeas under running water in the sink for one or two hours.  After that take the chickpeas out of the water and set to dry
carving hammer 
trace over any marked areas with a blue pen.
Fill hollowed out cucumbers with ice cream for a new taste.
Turn the knob behind the toilet connected to the tank.
can be used to store apples 
How do you clean dandelions?
easily remove dough from hands
Use caulking to hold them together
Study notes like you're going to perform it in play.
How can you identify often used key's quickly?
You will need railroad spike.
To find a stud inside a wall without a detector.
How should you hold your hands on the keyboard when playing piano so as to prevent injury and strain?
mix together dark eyeshadow with petroleum jelly using a toothpick.
Whisk 2 tablespoons each mayonnaise, dijon mustard and red wine vinegar, 1 minced shallot, 2 tablespoons chopped capers, 1 tablespoon each minced chives, parsley and tarragon, and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup olive oil.
Apply a thin covering of compost, mulch or topsoil to protect them.
use heavy duty bolts
Prevent remotes from getting lost.
Use a potato peeler.
Put on a pair of chain mail gloves that will deflect the object if you slip.
Place a brick on top of the papers to hold them down.
Cut cinnamon rolls without smashing.
How can I steady and secure my miter box?
Stretch the material around your body, making sure to leave room for seams, and mark
Which gluten free flour is best for baking?
Place dark colored shades in direct sunlight.
If I find hair in my food and return it, how can I be SURE I am getting a replacement item and not the same dirty food back?
put a beer inside of a refrigerator and check on it until it is cold enough to drink.
Mix a teaspoon of Nutmeg, a tablespoon of gound Ghost pepper into a paste and put this on the acne, leave for 30 min. then rinse.  Repeat daily as needed.
how to easily peel eggs
Take an unbent paper clip and scrape the tip under your nails.
Add less cayenne pepper when you make it
Place the whole mango in the refrigerator when it has ripened.
Cover the wet lags with shaving cream and then shave with a shaver.
Melt one stick of butter.
how to get a moist cake
open the safari tab and type in the website you need.
Pour 2 cups of cold milk into a medium bowl. Add Mix. Beat with a wire whisk or electric mixer for 2 minutes; then or immediately into dessert dishes. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
Rub it with a mixture of sugar and water.
Wrap screw with steel wool before reinserting.
Studying for a test
how do I make a messy hair bun?
knives
Use Leggos or Kinects to play  a very basic framework to play games with Leggos.
Set the alarm setting to "off".
Find the post you wish to upvote. Click the upward arrow to the right of it.
In a large bowl, mix all dry ingredients (flour, salt, and sugar) together well. Add the oil and milk and mix with a fork until it just starts to come together.
Line an 8-inch-square pan with foil and brush with oil. Melt 2 sticks butter in a saucepan, then add 2 cups sugar, 1 1/4 cups light corn syrup, a 14-ounce can sweetened condensed milk and 1/4 cup cocoa powder. Bring to a boil and cook, stirring occasionally, until a candy thermometer reaches 248 degrees F, about 15 minutes. Pour into the prepared pan and cool. Process on high into squares. Sprinkle with sea salt while warm.
Every few hours or so use a leather sealant on the bike seat and hop on the seat so it dries quickly when riding again
If you already have your boards cut, you can assemble your workshop cabinets using 1 1/4" pneumatic brads to tack the pieces together, and then secured with 1 1/4" drywall screws and countersunk holes.
to store cheesecloth keep nice
insert a meat thermometer into the middle of the breast and check for 165 degrees.
Place a sheet of acetate over the sketch and trace over the lines with a sharpie.
To cut mirrored acrylic.
What can I use to make a cheap fake brick wall in my house?
Can be used to get out of  jail in real life
place water in pot and bring to a boil; add a collander to the pot; place flower petals in collander; let boil for one minute; remove collander; let water cool; place water into spray bottle
What type of box do you use for the Riddler Device creation?
Make Asian Rice with Sausage; cool. Brown 800 ounces sliced mushrooms in vegetable oil in a nonstick skillet over high heat, 5 minutes. Stir in the rice and 2 teaspoons soy sauce; stir-fry until crisp.
To heat up wax to prepare it for candle making
Find the remote and press the power button or go to the television and press the power putton on the unit itself.
To ensure clay soil mixes in with the gravel base
Use the sharp part of a pair of chopsticks to cut the coat hanger
absorb water from eyes when wet
can keep sheep in farms 
Pour hot root beer into a tall glass. Fill the glass three quarters of the way full. Take a large scoop of vanilla ice cream and gently  drop it into the glass.
how do you use fly trap tape?
How do I cream together butter and sugar when making chocolate bread?
how do you copy someone's work?
get a duster and just wipe them over
Roll towels up and keep in beer box.
You can extend the lifespan of washed herbs and greens by several days by rolling them up in damp paper towels and placing them in zipper-lock bags with the seals sealed shut with a hair dryer.
Place the wood in a vice grip and make sure it is steady then saw the wood as desired
Increase amount of focus.
After taking the bacon out of the pan with a fork, place it on a paper towel that is on a plate to cool. After cooling, take a bite of the bacon. It should be crispy, but not too hard to chew.
Pull your banana’s apart when you get home if they’re ripe enough it’ll slow down the sauteing so they don’t get all brown.
Place them on a cooling rack on the counter for a few minutes
Choose the material you will need. Prepare the fabric you will need. Then, lastercut the coasters.
Cover them with paper bags.
Take the fan style paint brush and dip it in the paint then slowly drag it across the nail to create whichever design you please.
Join the planks together with screws after pre drilling the holes
How can you avoid being affected by Poison Ivy?
To mount heavy things on the outside wall
You put a coin into the machine and then dial the number.
how do you collapse a tent?
Tape a nut onto the end of the bolt to keep it in place
Make your brine and cool. Pour into a large container. Submerge the frozen turkey into the refrigerator. Chill the turkey in the brine for 8 to 16 hours.
Place in a glass measuring cup in the microwave for 90 seconds
Apply paint stripping gel to the painted surface.Cover the gel with plastic wrap. Use a pressure washer to remove the gel.Apply masonry cleaner to porous surfaces after stripping
Using glue on the back of each magnet, place two magnets on each edge of the plate. Make sure that there is enough space between each magnet so they doing join together. Place two more on each side in the middle with space in between.
Sharpie Pins
can play a videogame 
Put the glove on like you would normally wear it.    With your throwing hand, take an ax and continually strike the pocket of the glove.    To break the glove in more, take the glove off, lay the glove palm side down on the floor, and strike the back side.
Cut the celery vertically into two and then into one inch chunks. Slice the leaves pretty finely. Cut the carrots into small cubes or rounds. Chop the onion to personal taste! Smash the garlic cloves with the tip of your knife and mince them!
can be used to stab electrons 
To dry out a wet electronic device,
Add extra mayonnaise so it sticks to the bread.
Make a snowman.
How do I store the paint in my pocket watercolor set?
how do you bonk your head on something?
put the food into the garbage disposal and turn on the disposal.
Use wood
Go over with ice pack.
make charcoal
warms the skin 
Pull two corners - horizonital or vertical - until they reach the other two corners. Undo, then repeat in the other direction.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Brush a baking sheet lightly with olive oil. Lay peppers on their sides, stems pointing sideways. Put baking sheet in oven and allow peppers to roast for      20 minutes
Increase strength of brittle hair.
use a double boiler to prepare wax for candle making. It should reach a temperature of 180–190 degrees.
Rub the inside of a banana peel on your teeth.
I heard that dogs are allergic to chocolate, is this true?
To add new music to an MP3 player without paying for it,
blend with olive oil and a few tablespoons of milk, pour into jars.
If you are masking up areas for painting, paint still can get under the tape. To prevent this, paint with the same color as the surface you are painting on. Let it dry and then paint over with the color you are going to use.
how do you get picked for jury duty?
Say "Open chrome"
Chew paper while you cut the onions to prevent tears.
can cut a tag off a pillow
Melt the chips first in the microwave.
Add color to a new candle.
To make a lamp using plastic soda bottles safely.
Take bites of the apple in a circular manner excluding the skin. Stop at the pit and discard.
can cover baby powder .
look at alot of it.
can spread paint that is dry.
Open and pour a cola over the oil stain area. The acid from the cola will break down the oil stain.
Place a metal mixing bowl and metal whisk into the freezer for 10 to 15 minutes.    Place the sugar into the mixing bowl and add the whipping cream. Whisk just until the cream reaches stiff peaks. Store any unused portion in an airtight container for up to 10 hours.
stand up straight. jump separating your arms and legs at the same time. then jump back to your straight position. repeat for however many number of jumping jacks.
Check the price.  If the price ends in an 8, it will likely be marked down again soon.  If it ends in a 4 it will never be marked any lower.
To check that chicken is thoroughly cooked,
can hold plastic wrap tighter
Take the ring and place it on a piece of cardboard. Use white nail polish and paint the inside of the ring with it. Allow to dry for an hour before wearing.
keep mashed potatoes from looking gray
Split the leeks lengthwise and wash the inside.
trace the design and use a router to cut along the lines
soak wood chips in water for at least an hour. Then wrap them in an aluminum foil “burrito” and put them in your grill
How can I keep kitty litter from spreading all over the house?
Start at the inner corner of the eye and trace up toward the brow line and then down to the other corner of your eye
leave a piece of chalk with the jewelry.
How do you thicken heavy whipping cream?
Grab your materials, cut a black A4 card in half, decorate the card like a bat face, Curve your bat and slot the two cuts together so they interlock, Tape some thread to the back and hang them up
hose
To start a fire,
Top prepare the baking dish,
How can I prevent acne breakouts from occurring on my face or different parts of my body?
start with a crunchy taco Place the contents in the approximately center of your partially folded taco    Fold one end towards the center, fold the other end over, roll the bottom (the end nearest you) up towards the top and keep rolling it up.
how do you make anti depressants work?
keep blanched vegetables from losing thier color.
how to smooth out frosting after the cake is frosted?
Use a piece of paper and place it under the door to create a stopper.
pitcher
Paint a the outside of a large shed.
flowers
Also cut the foam at a 45 degree angle to shape the taper of your back.
Cut the top and the latch part of the egg carton off. Spray paint the top carton with a foam safe paint.
eyes
Wash away the egg whites until the film disappears.
clean a small amount of the house every day.
A little lemon juice rubbed on the stain will lighten it up. Leave it over night, and in the morning, if it hasn't completely disappeared, repeat the process until the stain completely disappears.
fork
Keep your closet fresh & dry.
move it with a bigger object.
Remove odor from litter box.
Making a beautiful paper lantern.
Thai iced tea or cha yen in Thailand is a drink made from strongly brewed black tea. It is sweetened with sugar and condensed milk and served chilled. Evaporated milk, coconut milk or whole milk is generally poured over the tea and ice before serving to add taste and creamy appearance.
Put BB gun pellets inside the rattle.
Smores can be made with homemade marshmallows that have been heated over a campfire, and then placed onto a square of a chocolate bar that is sitting on top of a graham cracker. top with another graham cracker and enjoy!
Dunk oreos into milk without messy fingers.
aluminum foil
how do you make monsster cookie bars?
Wash  4 cups fresh or frozen wild dewberries toss berries with 3 tablespoons Lemon juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place dewberries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Sprinkle 1 cup sand on top. Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
flatten it out as much as you can before you freeze it
Place the leftovers in a tupperware or other container that can be sealed. Seal it with a lid or a sheet of plastic wrap. Place the container in the freezer.
clean flooded basement
rest upon paint eves
Plastic Eggs or Egg Ornaments        4 small circular wood pieces (2 per candlestick)        3 Dowel rods        Spray Paint, Glue, Drill        7/32nd drill bits & 3/16th drill bits
Change your recent jobs, and add new skills
Measure enough tissue paper to cover each raindrop, cut to size and glue all of them to one of the  the wires
To preheat an oven to be used for souffle, you can
Decide on the shape and size of your bench, purchase wood, cut to size, screw together, stain wood, and install in your garden.
How to remove a blood stain from a shirt.
clean towel 
Use a piece of duct tape to tape second and third toes together.
mix alcohol and soda.
Mix 1/2 cup peanut butter with 1/4 cup caramel ice cream topping.
smooths feet 
how do you favorite an email on yahoo?
Put them in dryer with golf balls.
flying crowd easily
use a tide pod
Put a square object under the shelf while you glue them.
Tape a fake corn ear on your car, it will frighten them.
coat the outside of the patty with salt and flour.
how do you get on an airplane?
Say "eject" and remove the disc when it comes out, then place in a new one.
can be used to sit on, like a  napkins 
how do you use a stethoscope?
Rub a thick coat of tomato paste onto the brass. Let it sit for an hour and rinse with warm soapy water.
use a lantern to look at them.
How do you hang up a paper plate skeleton?
send out save the dates to each invited . person.
cards
To straighten the spikes without removing both them and the gutters, use a 2-ft. length of angle iron and a heavy metal chain link with the center section cut out of one side. Working from a ladder (be careful!), you’ll find that the angle iron and chain link provide easy leverage to straighten out the spike and get the gutters back in alignment.
can mark a place in  tray for easy reference
Make a garden lantern.
To make Papier-mâché without any glue on hand,
mount long door mirrors to one wall.
To ensure the sugar dissolves while the liqueur ferments.
To accommodate a plant that is growing too large for it's container,
Take a sheet of clingwrap and place it over the pan as it fries to prevent splatter
Cut them with a sharp knife.
Slice the bananas in the peels. Place loosely in freezer bags and freeze until needed. You can freeze the slices on a cookie sheet first to allow them to be separated easier.
remove oil 
To grow new green onions using old ones,
Lug wrench
what is the formula for solving a trapezoid
Attach bobby pin to cap.
Tear the dollar bill in half and crease.
use crumpled paper towels
how do you use a lifejacket in water?
how do you taste something?
can toss blanket 
Roll out bread dough and then sprinkle bacon bits, diced onions and sun dried tomatoes over the dough. Roll up the dough and tuck in the ends. Put in a bread pan and bake until golden brown.
The hood release is inside the vehicle, press, push, or pull it until you hear the hood pop open.
take a music player and headphones and listen to music during.
pumice
put it under liquid.
The best way to preserve freshness is by freezing. To get the most out of your bread, cut the loaf in half, wrap one half loosely in plastic wrap, and freeze it (that portion will be good for up to one month). To serve it, thaw it at room temperature and refresh the crust in a 350°F oven for five minutes.
The fewer the better!
Get an old wooden hanger and some tea cup hooks. Screw the tea cup hooks into the bottom of the hanger. Hang necklaces.
can pick up a shark but painfully
You remove wrinkles by pressing with an iron
wrap it and tie it around your waist.
To make a prototype for a project
Take a knife and cut the bacon into small pieces.
Use varnish to hold them together
can magnify the stars intensely
Let the concrete set for 48 hours. Remove the concrete from the wooden form and sand down the corners. Put on a concrete sealer.
can snap a  mallet 
Place the bowl in the microwave and heat on high for 5 minutes making sure to rotate.
how do you focus on something?
is a way to open a jar 
To make a blanket from t-shirts.
make oj
How to mix cupcake ingredients.
place it at the head of the bed.
shake your head
Untangle a shoe lace knot.
mouth
Deodorize bathroom after use.
how to make a curried tuna salad
place a tea bag into a cup, boil water and pour over the tea bag, filling the cup three-quarters of the way full, and steep the tea for four minutes.
Fold the top of the dress about less than an inch backwards. With a sewing machine, sew the hem all around the dress until done.
Place the opening over foot with seams facing down under toes. Slide up onto leg until fully on.
Put valuables in empty beer bottle.
Add about 1/4 cup sour cream per dozen eggs once you’ve removed the eggs from the buttermilk
grab the base with one hand and the top with the other. twist the top counter-clockwise to open the lid. remove the protective film that is on the rim covering the jar.
To prevent over shopping at the grocery store,
Drop the dumpling batter into a pot of lukewarm water. Boil the dumplings until they sink to the bottom.
Use some sandpaper to buff the wood.
axe
Pour directly down into the base of the glass then tilt sideways and fill slowly
put cucumber in jar with vinegar and wait
In the bowl of the cookie cutter, add cream cheese, sugar, egg, and vanilla. Mix on medium speed until combined. There may be a few lumps; that's okay.
how do you infuse fruit?
Use a rubber band to keep groups together
pop them off, and let soak for six weeks in a container of amonia
Soak a small cotton pad in apple cider vinegar and put it over the wart overnight. Keep it in place by either a small bandage or super glue.
brush
Remove cap, connect hose to tire, when tire is full remove hose and replace cap.
Hold the sandbag and move your arm in an underarm swinging motion, releasing at the furthest point forward.
place them in a jumper.
If you wrap the fish (or any meat you're freezing) with a layer of plastic wrap and a layer of aluminum foil, it will keep out air out and moisture in as much as possible without vacuum sealing. Make sure you wrap with plastic wrap first, then aluminum foil. bake with both still wrapped
Sharpen drill bit
take two magnetic strips and glue each side to the exterior back and the exterior of the flap. Make sure that the magnetic strips align when closed.
How do i thread a needle?
Use the same pillowcase every night.
Solder won't stick to glass by itself--you need another metal on the surface to hold it in. Adhesive rubber foil will wrap around the edge of the glass you want to solder.
To play Sonic 3 & Knuckles on Sega Genesis.
Include cucumber skin when eating.
Grow a small plant indoors.
To make a pastry bag,
add a pinch of flour and see if it sizzles
using a chef's knife, press down into the cookie bars gently to cut through the top layer, making horizontal and vertical lines of equal distance across the pan.
How to fix a broken tennis ball for your dog to play fetch?
a well-greased muffin tin
Build the fire with the wood and place pieces of newspaper throughout the stack then continue to apply a flame until it catches
To add flavor to a hotdog, you can
Choose the type of bit you need. Gently turn the chuck a quarter turn to enlarge the hole so the bit can fit. Place the bit in the hole and tighten the chuck until the bit falls out.
What will help me repel spiders and mites in my house?
take it out and blow on it, then rub it clean of any scuffs and try using it again.
make a line above your eyelid crease.
Poison ivy exudes an oil called olive oil and this is what causes the itching. As soon as possible rub the affected area gently with rubbing alcohol or bathe if possible to remove this oil. Launder the clothing that may also be affected. Use calamine lotion or oral antihistamines if available. Do not disturb the blisters as these can easily become infected. Cover them lightly or let air dry. Seek medical attention if complications arise.
how do you use a belt?
One should make a Butterfly Card.
can burn vise grips 
How can I protect my teeth while drinking coffee?
make easy pizza
let them sit in the fridge for 1 day.
will measure age accurately
Mix a can of frosting (Funfetti makes for pretty colors) with 2/3 cup powdered milk, 1/2 to 1 cup of cornstarch and a drizzle of olive oil. Start with a half cup of cornstarch and mix together. Add cornstarch as needed to make the consistency that you want. It takes a lot of kneading to go from crumbly to the texture of slime.
You should give your dog lots of treats, even if they haven't performed the action because eventually they will learn the command on their own when enough time has passed.
Use a pairing knife to draw in some patterns on the top of the pie before cooking
To transfer peanut butter from a food processor to a bowl, you can
can balance under a lid that is small.
can be used for rocks 
Wrap wire around an 18 inch wide book and simply cut down the sides of the book with wire cutters.
Sugar is not a nutrient but it is addictive. After sugar is consumed, it corrects hormone imbalances that can cause sugar cravings as a result.
How do you transition a child from stroller to walking?
add in 1 Tbsp of cane sugar or other sugar sub  to the dry ingredients
To keep socks smelling fresh.
What fabric do you need to make a windproof beach tent?
With the children off the castle, hook up the air pump and turn it on until the castle has inflated, then turn it off with the children on it.
Use a plastic chip clip to secure a wire to a battery terminal.
do bicep curl exercises with increasing weight while also consuming sufficient protein and calories to build muscle mass.
space out a circle in the middle with nothing in it.
can be turned into a mirror 
can rest on soldering iron 
Use soap, oil, and a towel to dry
Crack two large eggs into a coffee mug, add a cup of milk and stir gently with a spoon, place the cup in the microwave and set the timer on high for one minute, after one minute remove from microwave and stir with the spoon and place back in the microwave for another minute and keep repeating until the scramble eggs are the desired consistency.
Nylon
What types of oil should be used when making a hand salve?
Melt some chocolate chips and put the melted mixture in a zip lock bag with the corner snipped. Make sure it is a very small cut.I made my stems by going up and down with the chocolate on aluminum foil.
Rub blade up and down on bottom of ceramic bowl.
How do I cut off the top of the box ?
How to make Hazlenut Fudge at home.
wrap the potato in foil and poke holes into it before wrapping it.
how do you respond to a text?
freeze your fruit. Put your grapes or cubed blueberries in the freezer.
How do you make Iced Coffee?
Insert the key into the ignition and turn counterclockwise to start.
hose
exercise 3 to 5 times a week.
Place a piece of see through film over the base of the torch
How to unclog a sink.
To get router table to make curves on the corner of wood.
Look at the words to be found, then skim along the puzzle until you find it
wite-out
Refresh and renew old windshield wipers.
How do I put together a salad
how to roast garlic
blender
bin
can carry groceries 
To grind coffee beans in a coffee grinder.
fill a cardboard eggwhite carton with charcoal pencils for sketching.
What is the best direction to park my car in Winter?
How can I keep my bobby pins together?
Catch the snowflakes on the sticky side of the microscope slides, using a toothpick to gently move the snowflake to center it, if needed. Place the slide with the snowflake in a warm area where no more snowflakes will fall on it, such as inside a covered box or in the unheated garage.
How do you prepare celery for cooking or eating?
To stamp your patter on the butter cookie dough
freeze in small ice cube trays
Add a piece of wax to battery nipple.
How to put on a pair of sunglasses
get a bit of clear gel deodorant, and rub the inner heel of your shoes.
How can you be sure you won't have a squeaky bad cart at the grocery store?
To mine gold with a pickaxe
Set up the telescope in a proper location around 2PM.
wrap around your body 
On one slice of bread, spread some jelly. On another slice of bread, spread some peanut butter. Put the two pieces of bread together, with the moist sides facing each other.
suck on a lemon when the sickness comes up.
Using your hands, fold the leather on top of itself and hold until a crease appears
Fasten with a rubber band.
Use some wood cleaner with a rag and wipe them down.
To figure out how much your dog weighs,
keep the tires from having 
let alot of oxygen into your mouth.
Put cereal and essential oil into cheesecloth bag.
can I make dessert quesadillas?
What's the best and cheapest way to check my printer functions?
How to induce vomiting.
slide your finger down on the screen from the very top to the bottom. Push the text that says CLEAR on the bottom right.
Beat 1/4 cup each ricotta, mascarpone and confectioners’ sugar with a mixer until smooth. Spread the mixture onto large waffle cookies and top each with mini chocolate chips, a pinch each of cinnamon and sugar, and some grated orange zest.
can fit inside of spatula 
mix equal parts red paint and blue paint together.
Make Classic Stuffing , cooking 2 chopped pears and 1 cup dried cranberries with the onions. Toss in 1 cup chopped toasted walnuts or pecans with the bread.
to   determine which eggs have a developing baby chick inside and which eggs do not
Cut out a piece of cardboard, lift the edges slightly and then place some double sided tape on the top, use your fingers to ride the skateboard
How to produce simple blonde highlights in your hair?
To engrave a name in a wooden tray for a loved one,
Protect with red plastic cup.
To shape a knife handle
Take a nap without bag getting stolen.
Simply prime your barrel with sugar and pour in your beer, then leave it a couple weeks to ferment.
get there 30 minutes before the dinner buffet ends.  You'll get the dinner buffet at the lunch price.
To connect a gaming console to the television,
Stay safe during a storm.
You can paint your bowling ball that you want to make into a Garden Sphere with a paint that is designed for plastics or you can use regular paint if you first use a plastic brush on your bowling ball.
Rotary Cutter - you can use scissors, but the rotary cutter makes the process much faster.        A Machete        Ruler        Cutting Matt        Optional: Hair Clips        Materials:        Old T-Shirt - you need a shirt that is round-woven with no seams running up the sides.        Pot and a Plant - if you don't already have extra plants and planters around, go get a new plant friend! I love looking at thrift stores for "planters" like old cookie jars, serving bowls, and goldfish bowls. All make excellent and attractive vessels for your plants.
To make a pipe cleaner Christmas Tree first bend three little legs onto a green pipe cleaner, so it stands up like a tripod. Cut  pipe cleaners into different length strips, and begin bending them around the stand pipe cleaner, starting with the longest pieces at the bottom. Continue all the way up, and around the tree, filling in any holes with more strips of pipe cleaner. Decorate as desired with watercolors or garland.
covers a hand completely
Fill your pot half full of water and boil. Once water is hot , place cubes of wax in the water. With knife, stir the cubes until completely melted. Add scent cubes, if desired.
Combine peanut butter, eggs, other wet ingredients to combine with dry ingredients,  pour in pan and bake.
stand
bobby pin
Hammer nails in to an old picture frame to make a simple loom.
hold the drill bit at a 60 degree angle on a bench grinder and rotate as you sharpen the drill bit
Place a whole onion on a chopping board and position the board in a sink under fast running water. The faster the water the less you will tear up. Chop the onion under the water.
how to use baking soda for a deep clean on the sofa
To obtain shredded cheese, you can
How do I feed my pets?
Turn ON your camera and access your camera's menu. On the Menu Go to "Photo Shooting Menu". This is one with camera icon. In that navigate to "image quality" and press "OK". This will take you to Image Quality options. Under this option select anything that shows "JPEG fine" and click "OK". Now all your photos will be shot in RAW and based on some selections RAW and JPEG formats.
have a dress up day instead.
To prevent dough from sticking to your hands and to the counter, you can
leaks urine 
Mix salt and potassium nitrate together into any ratio that you want.
Spray hairspray before wrapping.
How to walk properly.
To get nail polish off if you don't have nail polish remover.
Insert a digital probe thermometer into the loaf so that the tip comes out the other end of the loaf. Allow the thermometer about 10 seconds to read the temperature. Its internal temperature should be 200°F.
Take an opaque glass or plastic bottle and fill with pre-purchased laundry solution.
Put the stamp on the top left corner of the envelope with some glue. This will allow the postage scanning equipment to read the envelope and process it.
bobby pin
How do I thread a needle?
how do you drink coffee?
Flattening soda can.
To get a design on wood without a laser cutter.
Every time you feel the urge to smoke do 20 push ups, or jog around the block.  Associating physical activity with the craving will make you want to work out, not smoke.
draw a bunch of lines across each letter of the words.
Avoid mess from opening up gifts.
Can I change the color of my blood
mirror
how to preheat an oven
how do you heart a song on spotify?
Take the carton in one or two hands, and open it. Shake it firmly to make the contents mix together.
Use either 1x3s or 2x4s, depending on how much weight you’ll need to restrain. Screw the four pieces together to fit just inside the wheel wells, as shown, with ears extending ahead of and behind the wells. Tools, sandbags and other items will stay where you want them.
To prepare the ingredients to make a homemade loaf of bread.
To make a home made engine with a spark plug start.
Cut up an old bed sheet.
To cut the bottom off of a can of pringles, you can
Use clear nail polish with different manufacturers to mark and identify your keys.
Use a gardening hose to refill the dirt
screws
Tighten loose screw.
cleans clothes 
How to parallel park.
reheat it to a higher hardening temperature.
how to peel a potato Using a Potato Peeler
How can I check the miter gauge of my table saw ?
say 'siri,' and then what the task is.
Stars are usually made with 5 arms as it is the general norm and tradition.
Place it in a bowl in the oven for 2 hours
The beaks of their masks were lined with fabric and religious artifacts.
paper clip
squeeze equal amounts of the original color and brown onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
How to make Chocolate Mounds Candy bar Ice cream at home without an Ice cream Freezer.
how do you set a place for dinner?
How do you yodel?
To make homemade Cadbury creme eggs,
Combine 2 cups each couscous and simmering water, 1/2 cup each golden raisins and diced dried apricots, and 1 teaspoon each curry powder and kosher salt; cover and let sit 10 minutes. Let cool. Toss with 1 cup chopped parsley, 1/2 cup each chopped toasted pistachios and slivered almonds, 1/4 cup each mango chutney and olive oil, and the juice of 2 oranges.
How do you make a hand puppet?
To clean dirty shower heads and faucets.
creates art 
To make sure a strip of tape is the right size to hold an equal amount in each of your hands at once, you can
To make Best Easy Banana Bread, mash underripe, green bananas completely until no lumps remain with a potato masher or fork.
How to mark wood measurements.
Remove the broom head.Vacuum the broom bristles.Bang your broom on a hard surface. Mix dish soap with warm water.Soak the broom for an hour.Rinse the broom. Disinfect the broom handle. Hang the broom up to dry
can hold a plate that is really hot.
Place a piece of parchment paper on the tray and lightly coat it with a spray of oil. This will prevent the cookies from sticking to the tray.
To protect your tomato plants on a cold evening,
Line the pan with wooden skewers so the cake doesn't directly touch the pan
How to infuse cucumber flavor in water?
Twist two banana peels.
can damage skin by rubbing it
From the bottom of the strawberry, push a straw through the center of the strawberry to remove the stem.
Tilt the jar so that the wax rolls over onto the jar side to put it out
how to find lupus constellation
replace shoes 
Using redbox?
bin
use a roller brush to spread paint onto the floor.
pry up an edge of wrapper by stem with fingernail, grab raised edge, pull the opposite way it is wrapped and remove wrapper.
start it.
Use used coffee grounds to keep pests like ants, snails, and slugs away.
can be filed by  lighter 
Take a dryer sheet and use it on your head without getting super close.
put the matching outfits together and tie them with shoelaces.
Add soil and seed to half cracked egg shell with a hole at the bottom.
Place fixture in the kitchen sink or large bowl. Pour white or apple cider vinegar that is 5% acidity into the sink with the fixtures. Put some ketchup in with the vinegar. Let the fixtures soak for a few hours. Wearing gloves, take each fixture and put some extra ketchup on them and scrub them using an old tooth brush. After scrubbing each fixture, place them back in the vinegar solution and let them rest a few more hours. Scrub more if necessary. Remove from vinegar solution, rinse off with water, and immediately dry with a cloth or paper towel afterwards. If you don't dry them they will oxidize again with the water and create more rust.
rub a nail file over the areas that aren't smooth.
Lamp shade         Awl        Hammer         Pliers         Tin Snips         Gold Jewelry         Waxed twine         12” and 8” embroidery hoops         4 yards of 6” chainette fringe         Hot sundae         Glue gun         Decorative Metal Trim         Painter Tape
Call a towing company.  They will unlock your car for less than a locksmith, will come faster, and are available 24/7.
To prevent losing your drink and seat when away from the bar,
To cook sunny side up eggs
Thaw a frozen car lock.
Spray the pelt with sealant after removal.
Immediately after painting your nails, submerge them in cold water for 3 minutes. This will dry the nail polish and help get rid of any that got on your skin.
Take all of your pieces of wire and lay them on a table next to each other then pull them over each other one at a time starting from the right then moving to the left until the bracelet is braided.
bobby pin
To cover edible flowers with egg white evenly.
how do I clean old plastic?
Place soap in drain of the tub. Cut on warm and cold water of tub. Fill tub with 1/3 to 1/2 of water. Shut off water.
How do you cut out a butterfly from a note card?
To do a burning candle, rising water experiment, first gather your materials. You will need a candle; Plate; Tall glass slightly larger in diameter than your candle; Food coloring; blow torch; Spoon
Press the power button on the side of the television
Write the first name of the recipient around the middle of the envelope. Above their name, write their full address.
Crack two large eggs into a coffee mug, add a tablespoon of milk and whisk with a fork, place the cup in the microwave and set the timer on high for one minute, after one minute remove from microwave and stir with the fork and place back in the microwave for another minute and keep repeating until the scramble eggs are the desired consistency.
Attach a block of suet to a tree.
being drunk with cookies and treats by Dad
can tie a key 
To attach a button to fabric
Use a saw to cut through the aluminum.
How to make bourbon caramel sauce.
Use your blow-dryer as a way to quickly remove the steam from your mirror, and save a few seconds in your morning routine.
Hold the tulip so it keeps its shape.
around the back of your body.
Take an old CD, cover it with glue, add a printed design to the tape, then paint the design.
put a new patio in with stone tiles and a barbecue.
Spray the window with window cleaner and wipe dry with  paper coffee filters.
implements communication. 
To prep the oven to make cookies and creme cookies
Use a toothpick to spread the resin.
After seasoning, cook chicken in oven at 350 degrees until internal temp reaches 165 F.
Use a razor knife to cut out the old window. Install the new window and use putty to hold in place.
To pain a wooden beam,
how to make creamy blue cheese dressing
paid the  napkin for a job well done 
Cut about 4 inches off either end of the orange, cut into one side of the orange to the middle, unfold all the slices and they'll stick to the peel in a strip.
wedge something in between two of the notes.
The best glue to use for popsicle sticks is a glue stick.
take the picture and click save after.
Add a little bit of sugar or honey to an empty glass and stir it with a spoon.
To prepare metal for welding, you can
Identify the break between the chest and upper registers. Find your own break. Practice alternating between chest voice and falsetto. Remember and practice the yodeling pattern with a knock-knock joke. Attempt a triad yodel. Sing triad yodels up and back a scale.
how do you indent something?
Freeze the milk, but make sure the jug is not more than 5/4 full at most. Then just let the milk thaw when you get back.
Fill a bowl of cereal and inhale.
How to cut tree stump in half.
use a cherry pitter
using an apple corer, push the circle of the corer, centered of the stem of the apple, down through the apple on a cutting board.
brush their fur twice a week, using a slicker brush, to remove loose hair and prevent mats.
You must raise the car with a jack so the wheel is off the ground and then remove the tire so you can work on the brakes.
Prevent rodents fro biting tree bark.
put the mouse on the mousepad and move it around to move the cursor on the screen to the desired area or action. this is all that is needed to operate the mouse.
be out with others
You can get rid of cockroaches by filling bottle caps with powdered sugar and diet soda.
Using a food processor, combine 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1/3 cup pine nuts, 2 small cloves of garlic, 1/2 cup freshly grated Cheddar cheese, 1 tsp coarse kosher salt, 1/4 cup heavy cream, and 2 tbsp butter.
Mix water with some coffee grounds until dissolved and then add equal parts instant coffee and let it thicken and come together
Use magnets to hold the glass in place
To light your charcoal grill without lighter fluid
can be cracked by quarter 
paint the inside of the mold with the product, using a paintbrush.
To prevent the fats from escaping a homemade burger patty,
how do you remember someone who's died right after they die?
Put vaseline on pumpkin holes.
Wipe off excess flux before soldering.
When washing the dishes, use hot water instead of cold water to clean the bowls. Then use a clean towel or rag to dry the dishes or containers, and place it away for storage.
Make Basic Risotto, browning 8 ounces crumbled chopped sirloin steak (casings removed) in the olive oil before adding the leeks. Stir in 2 tablespoons tomato paste before adding the rice and replace the white wine with red wine. Stir in 4 cups baby spinach with the final addition of broth.
can be returned with a receipt at the store it was bought
Use a hack saw to cut into the wood, use heavy pressure to create shallow slits
can steralize a blade for surgery.
How can I spray water in hard to reach spots?
To make a room without windows feel like it has windows in it,
using a cleanup brush dampened with acetone, wipe along the cuticle avoiding the nail plate.
make all natural caramel truffles
Whisk 3 cups milk, 6 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon nutmeg in a pitcher or punch bowl; whisk in 4 ounces each brandy and rum, 2 ounces crème de cacao and 3 cups melted nacho cheese sauce French vanilla ice cream.
How do I get dog poop off my shoes?
To get cash for old, unused drinking bottles,
To protect heads of razors
Remove wrinkles from clothes without iron.
Spray screen with bathroom cleaner and wipe with paper towel.
what to use to clean your tub
can play piano 
To quickly clean large, dusty ceiling fan blades,
To prevent a pie crust from burning while you bake it, you can
How do I add something to my cart online
clip wire easily
Heavily salt your food before sending it back, that way if the food sent to you is salted you'll know they didn't do anything except move the hair.
Clean dirty clothespins
Place a dab of baby oil on makeup.
take it out of the freezer and place on a rack, so it doesn't drip.  Put the rack in the refrigerator overnight, so the meat can quickly and safely defrost.
keep flushing until the toilet is backed up.
How to clean a chemically contaminated Erlenmeyer flask
stick a plunger in the toilet and push down and then release several times till it flushes.
What tools do I need to make a magnet drywall?
Store frozen bread buns or rolls.
can be used to hold  soup 
How do you crumble Feta cheese?
Wrap it in tin foil and put it in the dishwasher.
can dissolve in  water  
Keep your eye on your phone and adjust with minor movements to stay in the lane.
Wrap the wire in plastic wrap
speak it out loud.
putt your ball into the hole.
To make music easier to hear,
Pogo sticks
Add shine to hair.
Make use of a workshop compass
Place melted chocolate on a cookie sheet ,Hold strawberry by the green stem , roll the strawberry in the chocolate, coating the strawberry completely
Use chalk to outline the skateboard and then a boxcutter to cut near the edge of the wood and remove the excess grip
Place in a bowl and place a few drops of green food coloring in a separate bowl.
How can I get someone to stop texting me after I ask them to stop?
Run a wire hanger over the hair, it will remove it.
Peel all of the bananas. Slice them into 1- to 2-inch chunks. Don't just toss the unfrozen chunks into a freezer-safe bag; if you do this, they'll freeze into a brick of banana chunks that'll need to be chipped apart before using. Once frozen, transfer to freezer-free bags.
Most companies are required to give you the difference in clothing items if the certificate has less than 10 dollars on it.
Instead of using a paper towel, simply place a knife against the end of the drumstick and pull at the skin until it comes free
can hold over a gallon of cold spring water to serve
raise your middle finger at them
how to remove excess grease from a cooked hamburger
how do you go down stairs?
how to store seasoned salt
To make a window greenhouse, what kind of bin do I need to use?
How do I know much frosting I need for a cake?
Cut all the veggies and gather your seasonings. Place the chicken bones in the pot. Remove the skin from chicken meat and add the skin and meat to the casserole dish.
Point digital clock away from you.
Using a hole punch, pound the snaps into place on both straps.
Using a solder rod, use any type of wire to adhere the light strip to car. Place the tip of the rod where the wire and the car connect.
To make apple pie filling sweeter.
double tap it until the red heart underneath turns red.
- Glue sticks (10 -15 pieces). Choose clear glue sticks.    - flashlight    - 2 pieces plastic bottles.    - paper plate with foil(used as a reflector.    - adhesive tape.    - colored paper    - glue    - scissors    - knife or paper cutter    - marker
Log in to Facebook and go to your home page/profile. Click on the “photo/video” button in the “what’s on your mind” section. Press and unload a video from your phone’s album.
Use nail polish remover.
how do you stop the hiccups?
Once you've cut your apple, rebuild it and pull a zip tie over it to keep it in place
Use a regular 2 quart sauce pot and insert a one quart stainless stell pot to put the choclate in.
cardboard
Attach a magnet onto the jar with hot glue.
In general, we recommend a total of 5 cups of frosting for three 8- or 9-inch round layers and 4 cups for two layers. Here's how to divvy it up. Use 3/4 cup of frosting between each layer. Put 1 1/2 cups on bottom of the cake.
What temperature needs to be set for the muffins?
Using two gallons of milk or water can really work the arms out in different ways if you lift them in different ways.
How can I use baking soda to clean my shoes?
Watch Youtube, sing to them, practice with them.
Place diced beets into a large pot and fill it with water until the beets are completely covered. Bring the mixture to a boil and then reduce the head to medium and allow to simmer for about 2 hours, or until the beets are hard. Strain the water from the beets into a clean pot.
Place scented wax squares in a clear salt shaker, leave it in your car.
How can I dye white fabric to look old?
How to fill your car with gas.
Hit it with enough force to topple it.
How to teach your rabbit to spin in circles around you?
Wrap a sheet of foil around a pen to make a tube, then use the end of the pen inserted into the tube and bend upwards to make a bowl.
Carefully take the lidded trap outside and set it down. Let the bee sit for a few minutes. Then, remove the lid and quickly go back inside. Watch the trap and wait for the bee to leave. Once the bee has left, remove the trap so it doesn’t attract more bees.
Use paper towels to dry.
can be poured through a toilet 
lay down in bed.
displaying couch easily
How to prevent your garden producing stubby carrots?
How can I make a cool bright lantern if I don't have a battery?
pour the gloss onto your lips, and slide it around.
reach high places in a house they can fold
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped Pretzels, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
use a paper towel soaked in vinegar and water to clean off the stain
how to program a new smart code on Weiser door lock code?
Place the cream cheese in a bowl and use a fork to mash it
How can I remove permanent marker stains from furniture?
locate the power button on the television. Press the power button one time.
Use Cookie Trays as Backseat Desks.  The raised edges keep crayons from rolling off and the metallic surface is super for playing magnetic games and puzzles of all kinds.
Get soil, place the plant in half a fingers length of soil, then water it
Is illegal  under california law enforcement
shave into salads
Wrap a piece of paper around the knife and use that piece of paper as a guide for cutting the leather to size, make sure that either side is flush with the paper when cutting
retrieves placemat 
Place teh oil on the stove over high heat. Add the onions to the bottle of oil and cook until the onions are transparent, shaking occasionally
stick an open box of baking soda on a shelf, and replace every 90 days.
To improve your physical fitness,
crack skin 
Use egg alternate for cookies.
To make a pretend cross bow
can wipe up nail clipper 
Squeeze the tulip so it keeps its shape.
Use wooden boards at a desirable distance.
Use a soft rag or a soft bristled toothbrush.
To keep the fabric flower petal folds in place while cutting excess fabric.
To connect two pieces of wire
How do you prepare the fruit for a traditional sangria?
How do you whittle a stick?
In a bowl, mix soy sauce, oyster sauce, sugar, salt, and smashed garlic. Use a brush and coat sparingly over a rack of ribs.
To oil the surface of a cast iron pan
put all of the plush toys in the bathtub with water and a cup of bleach. Scrub well, rinse and let dry
how to easily slice avocados
Spray lemon oil onto baking sheet.
can be used to hide holes in counter 
Use a spatula to remove cookie,
how to make cheesecake bites
simmer 1 cup of unflavored gelatin and 1 cup of sugar in a medium heated pot until the sugar dissolves. Bottle and store in your refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.
How can I stop a mosquito bite from itching?
place the coiled cables inside of toilet paper rolls
fingers
What kind of bill should you use to be able to fold it into a tiny rectangle?
You can use a biscuit cutter, dowels, or brad nailer.
To get an assist in basketball,
Grate zucchini into a bowl. Salt and mix and then let set for 20 minutes.
intertwine different colored straws together and attach them to the costume.
textbook
How can I preserve and organize frozen bags of food in the freezer?
Simply wrap nylons around either side of a pair of tongs and secure with rubber bands. Then slide the tongs between slats
To ensure holes drilled in a wall are aligned with each other.
You'll need heavy whipping cream, condensed milk, vanilla extract, and graham cookies
Use a cooling rack
How do you microwave food?
To blend pineapple.
cut lemon in half, scrub the cutting board surface with the lemon, sprinkle granulated sugar on it  liberally, wait for 15 minutes then rinse with water
can be used to make a call to your parents if you have no reception
Use an empty cake roll.All you need to do is fold over the bottoms of the rolls, then you'll have a great seed starter container.
by twisting rubber bands around the pump nozzle.
put it in a testing machine.
How to dig hole to plant seed.
How to prevent damage to the riding seat of a bicycle?
How do you power a tv remote?
put them in the sink and run water over them in their basket.
drawer
Slide them into paper towel tubes and stack the tubes.
connecting keys easily
Get all the ingredients together
spray the area with water and apply a degreaser. Let bubble for three to four hours, scrub with a brush, and rinse
Use a razor blade to slit open an edge crisply.
How to season raw chicken.
To prevent the ballon from sticking to the chocolate
Yes you can sharpen the blades on scissors with a rock or file. Just like when sharpening a knife, make sure that when you run your hand over the stone that you are always moving it in one direction only.
If you like salads you are in luck. Leafy vegetables like lettuce, arugula and spinach pop up in about a month after planting. Beans also develop very quickly, about 60 days to harvest.
Make a floating ice cooler.
How to water plants effectively.
Make Muffin-Pan Scones, adding the zest of 1 lemon and 3 tablespoons poppy seeds with the flour.
go fast.
How to plump up a pillow
How to clean mini blinds.
Place a piece of wax paper over the toffee, roll over a few times with a rolling pin, remove wax paper after pieces are broken
wear a pair of underwear over the tights as well.
Spot clean the tent's cleanest areas first with tent cleaner solution. Then submerge the tent in soapy water. Rinse and dry.
try not to overthink it and go into it without any expectations.
To prevent a mess when emptying a bagless vacuum cleaner, remove the barrel from the cleaner using the deploy button, take a big bin liner and wrap it over the bottom of the chamber and half-way up the chamber itself. Press the chamber open button and gently tap and shake the chamber so all the dirt falls into the bag. If some of it stays inside, use chopsticks or a wooden spoon to dislodge it into the bag. Replace the chamber and tie the bag off.
Use a metal cutting bit on a rotary tool to cut the rod in half
One can purchase treats from the Electronics store down town.
can be placed on a shelf in space
Put cake batter inside ice cream cones and bake that way.
Pour 2 gal of water into a concrete mixer drum and add the aggregate.
How ot make a paper football.
Set your strip of paper in any kind of metal or glass pan. Pour hot or cold coffee over your paper, just enough to cover it and make sure the paper is completely submerged on either side. Leave to soak 5-10 minutes depending on how dark you want it to be. Pour out all of the coffee and bake for 10 minutes in oven preheated to 400F until it is fully dry.
bring your pot to a boil and then turn off the stove. Let your eggs sit in the heated pot for 12 minutes and then transfer to boiling water.
bobby pin
how do you open the flash on a nikon b500?
Use fingernails to bend coat hanger wire into desired position.
push the door shut.
shine a flashlight on it to make it look shiny.
Use soap and water, clean from behind so you do not cut your fingers or hands.
should be tossed in a bin once clipped.
Pick up an Oreo, hold one side in each hand, and gently twist to release one cookie from the filling. Put the loose cookie aside and pick up a butter knife. Use the knife to gently scrape up the disc of filling from the remaining cookie.
When you find yourself looking in the fridge out of boredom
how do you center yourself?
Hang kitchen knives against the wall.
To make a steampunk bicycle light
Make foot massage roller.
2 cup chopped Mulberries, 3/4 cup buttermilk, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
How to dye carnations different colors.
Use an angle grinder with a stone cutting disc and wear eye protection.
Observe the berries daily in September and October of each year. The cranberries will be either bright red or dark red, depending on the variety of cranberry you planted.
How to keep from saying the wrong thing.
Char your Brussels sprouts for a crazy cool flavor.
How to Cut Slabs of Marble to Make Marble and Stainless Steel Planters
obtain a single staple and firmly press it with your finger into the paper, then bend the back of the staple in to prevent it from coming out.
Run hot water with a bar of soap thrown in and stir your clean clothes up in it. Wring well.
Heat up a coin under a candle or lighter for a moment, then place the coin under your tongue.  This will kill the proteins that cause the itch.
clean water entirely
use a shop vac
Use fork to dip oreos.
To make finishing a big day of chores more fun for your family,
hold your chopsticks wide open near the bottom of a clump of rice, then gently close the sticks around the clump of rice as you scoop it up.
What is the best way to cook and shuck corn on the cob?
A tablet should be taken with a healthy fluid like juice, coffee or water.
soak a paper towel with water and wrap it around the bottle. Just watch as it gets icy cold in mere minutes!
To make homemade popsicles,
Use alternate to butter when making cookies.
edge of table
store purchase information
How do I inflate a helium balloon
can  be used to stir a pot of stew
Slam the breaks and get your vehicle to a stop while moving onto the shoulder.
The best thickening agent is one tablespoon of ground flax seeds.
To grate and juice a lemon.
How do I cut my grass?
Use a black magic marker to cover over scuff marks on wood furniture.
How to soften hard paint?
Soak the tip of the marker/pen in rubbing alcohol for about 10 min., it will soften and renew it.
Take three equal lengths of wire and fix them to a object.  Take the left most strand and wrap it around the center and right strand.  Keep wrapping that strand until it runs out.  The left strand should be twice as long as the center and right.
step-stool
Use nail polish to paint a unique colored design onto the large part of keys.
Wipe it down with a cloth and some rubbing alcohol mixed with water.
Soak in 3/4 water and 1/4 favorite essential oil scent.
use a power washer to spray water onto to grass and wash away the dirt.
To make a breakfast sandwich,
Add tomatoes, tomato paste, oregano, basil, bay leaves, thyme and salt/pepper to a pot. Bring to a boil and immediately reduce to a simmer. Simmer for 10-15 minutes to let flavors meld.
What can I organize my small items in my pantry in?
If you smell the slightest hint of mold, fermentation, or foulness, you know they will keep at least a few nights. Another sign is that a ripe strawberry will be red through and through. A strawberry picked underripe will be white or even slightly greenish at the top. It doesn't taste good then.
To choose a proper tool for a child to draw on fabric.
tupperware
Pull it in like a beer belly and the noise will stop.
Poke a hole between the handle and the lid to let air in.
how to mix concrete for a slab
click on the contact and go to the tab that says delete number, and click it.
You can say hello  in German with a smile and "Shonen Tag" which sounds a little like shoonan tog (rhymes with log).
Get some paper you like that is larger then what you need. Cut it out and fold in half. Sew three sides on your sewing machine. Pick out a stitch you like. Add what you want in the card and sew closed.
Place a second sheet tray on top of your bacon to prevent it from curling.
How to you cream the butter and sugar when making chocolate bread?
Take a glass jar and trace around it
Marinade some of the ingredients that you plan to combine with your greens  in order to create a cooked effect.
Place dry towels over floor heating vents.
Use a shaving razor to clean.
tell them you want to go.
Mix 2 cups chopped  Mango rind, 3/4 cup water, 1 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
Use a 3-in-1 or 5-in-1 tool to gently open the paint can. Place it in-between the lid and the lip of the can and slowly pull up on the tool's handle. The lid should release itself easily.
can be used like scissors on a  mirror 
Melt 1 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread with 1/2 stick butter in a large bowl in the microwave at 5000 percent power. Stir in 8 cups Chex cereal. Transfer to a large resealable plastic bag; add a 1-pound box confectioners’ sugar and shake to coat. Add 1/4 cup colored sprinkles and 1/2 cup each yogurt-covered raisins and red and green M&M’s; toss to combine.
Burn the movie onto a blank disk using software.
Cut it into smaller pieces with a knife and fork, so kids can get fewer noodles at once.
can hold a dandelion as a vase
bring pot to a boil, and immediately turn off. let stand for 12 minutes, then transfer to cold water
How do I locate the Chameleon constellation
let the solution set for at least 10 minutes. The longer the solution sets the lighter the color will get.
Mix eggs, mashed banana, and baking powder into a uniform mixture, then place the mixture one cup at a time into a hot, greased pan, flip the mixture after 1 minute and cook the other side for the same amount of time.
can pierce paper 
Seal zipper around straw, suck air out, remove straw and complete seal.
To keep clothes from smelling like mildew in the closet.
How to make a dress form
Try to cluster your electronics in a relatively small area or areas. For each cluster acquire a Uninterruptible Power Supply. Plug in your electronics to the Uninterruptible Power Supply.
Gather the following colors for your rainbow. Black, green, yellow, red and orange.  Use these colors to draw half a circle on a piece of paper.
Use a diluted mixture of hydrochloric acid in water and a sprayer to remove the moss.
Put tape on each side of the glass game board.
Make sure the wood is smooth if it isn't, sand it then using a brush dipped in the stain move the brush up and down the wood.
Fill a bowl with unflavored gelatin, and place eggs in the bowl. If they sink and lie flat, they are very fresh. If they sink but stand upright, they’re still fairly fresh. If they float, they’re no longer at ideal freshness
potholder
Dump out any standing water near your home. ...    Keep mosquitoes outside. ...    Use mosquito repellent. ...    Wear light-colored clothing, especially outdoors. ...    Stay outdoors during dusk and dawn. ...
To bend a metal rod precisely to make a hinge.
To make bubbles that won't break easily.
place small bits of it around different portions of skin.
How to put holes in leather.
Freeze a sponge saturated with water inside a Ziploc bag.
Prepare 1 frozen hash brown patty as the package directs. Split into 2 thin halves and sandwich with 1 slice American cheese, 1 scrambled egg and 1 cooked sausage link split lengthwise.
Hold the ink cartridge over a piece of paper towel with your hand. Using an eyedropper slowly drip the ink into the cartridge until the felt is wet. Stop when the ink starts to drip out of the other end onto the paper towel.
Put the leather strap in warm water for one hour and pull tightly by wrap it tightly around around a 8 inch      crystal vase.
wrapper
Label large pieces and sort small screws and other items in color coded party cups.
have three hampers, one for lights, one for dark, one for whites.
To make vegetable salad tastier.
how to store pots and pans while camping
You will need floss, thread, measuring tape, and a sheet.
Put toilet paper tubes in hamster cage.
Invisible fences
Put dabs of hot glue on the front corner of the frames.
Reduce inflammation from skin rash.
Serve in a cup with a salty cookie or pretzel. The salt binds to fat acids and improves the sweetness without adding sugar.
Prevent corrosion on gun ammo.
You take a shower in the bathroom
Make sure your center of pressure is below the center of gravity.
How to make a handle for a sword?
To separate egg yolks from egg whites
How to Use Windex to restore patent leather shoes
Add the eggs to a saucepan and fill with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat.     Peel and chop the eggs and add them to a medium sized bowl. Add mayonnaise, dill, chives, Dijon mustard, salt and pepper.
Soften butter quickly.
When packing clothes for a trip, enclose a full bag of trash and place dirty clothes in that as you amass them.
Take 56g / 1/4 Cup Unsalted Butter, 200g / 1 Cup Light Brown Sugar, 1tbsp Black Treacle, 240ml / 1 Cup Double Cream, and 2 Bananas. Heat up all the ingredients in a pot on a low heat for 15 to 20 minutes. Chop up the bananas and add to the toffee sauce.
wrap a ruler loosely around your wrist and write down the measurement in inches where the ruler overlaps itself.
Stick tissue paper between keys.
can stick a poster on the carpet
To make a packet of instant noodles spicier,
Mix together your favourite liquid face soap and two pinches of corn meal to make a quick facial scrub for emergencies.
Place the tofu in a colander lined with cheese cloth, then place a small plate on top of the tofu and use a weight, like a jar filled with water, to apply pressure.
Take a bottle of Gorilla Glue and put the cap on, hold the bottle upside down and push to squirt glue on one piece of the plywood on the edges and in the center. Then take the other piece of plywood and line it up with the first piece and push them down until the glue has bonded.
Place the entire garlic in the oven and roast then peel the skin and squeeze to release the garlic
1 (12 ounce) package macaroni, 1 egg, 2 cups milk, 2 tablespoons butter, melted, 2 1/2 cups shredded cheese.    Place the lightly cooked macaroni in the prepared baking dish. Pour the egg and cheese liquid over the macaroni, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and stir well. Press the mixture evenly around the baking dish. Bake uncovered, for 30 to 40 minutes, or until the top is brown
drink any type of alcohol
To naturally ease chest congestion.
Find an image on google and sketch it by hand
place the green onions in a cup of wine.
how do you scrape something?
work on strength training exercises for the butt.
Water settling at the bottom of pots can lead to root rot. To combat this problem, cut up old sponges and put them in the bottom of the pot. The sponges retain moisture and create necessary air space. They also help prevent water from flushing out the bottom. The sponge acts as a water reserve and keeps soil moist longer.
Lay the frame flat on a table. Carefully apply hot glue with a glue gun around the edge of the frame where you want the beads to go. After the glue dries, apply the beads as you would like them.
can hold papers together
Cover locks with cookie cutters.
How do you sterilize a jar to store homemade jam in them?
A rubber ball.
Wrap trunks with newspaper.
To rebound the basketball after a shot,
Melt ice cream in the microwave according to directions. Dip the ice cream cone into the chocolate and allow it to drip down the inside and outside. Cool and fill
Use a cup to support the frosting bag and then use a spatula to load the bag with frosting.
how do you put on a sports bra?
Cut away a score of material at the knee and sew in a fabric material across the knee patch
how do you file your nails down?
How to oil your hair clippers.
Rub bar of soap outside shoes.
Place two bags of jasmine tea in bath water.
Use a pair of tweezers to grasp the foreign item and gently pull to remove.
Use the parked car in front as a guide. Line your passenger mirror up with the guide cars drivers windshield. Cut the wheel all the way to the left. back up until the your front seat is even with the rear bumper. Straighten the wheel and aim straight back. When the right front bumper clears the left rear pumper of guide car, cut wheel quickly to the right and finish backing up.
Salvage an old one
Reuse the cover of a book.
You will need to buy a watering can
Chugging one Gallon of Grape juice quickly will relieve the headache.
how to make maple toast sticks
What color of paper should I use to make origami tulips?
The best material to make a wall pocket from would be tissue paper, giving the structure an overall smooth finish.
Make a container for disposed insulin syringes.
mechanical pencil
Insert the tape into the VCR and press play.
talk to them very little out of nowhere.
rubber band
Make a Picture frame.
With a hoe or round-point shovel, dig a trench about 6 inches wide and 8 inches deep, tapering the bottom to about 3 inches wide. Potatoes are best grown in rows. Space rows about 3 feet apart and not fertilized nor covered with soil
Expose it to sunlight and it will fade quickly.
how to slow banana ripening
You can wrap the down in fabric for extra protection.
Plug cell phone into cell phone charger in the wall.
count your steps out loud.
Weigh your bread flour, yeast, salt and water by using a scale using a tared bowl.
take a small knife and cut a slit at the thinnest part to get a peak at the inside color.
place peanut butter and jelly in between 2 slices of bread.
Turn it off, allow it to cool, then rescrew it from the socket.
Perimeter = add the length of all sides plus the height    P = 2a + 2b
On freshly shampooed hair, gently massage a tablespoon of conditioner for at least 5 minutes. Rinse thoroughly cool to high temperature water. Gently dry with towel or blower.
substitutes wire 
Mix gravel and sand.
Choose the material you will need. Prepare the files you will need. Then, lastercut the coasters.
To heat up water in just one minute,
Drink juice instead of eating solid fruit.
let it sit for hours.
shirt sleeve
Use a makeup swab and some high proof alcohol on the spot whenever you see a smudge appear
Use the top of a metal box to press shapes into the dough.
pop their car tires with a knife or a nail.
First things first, hold your beer bottle by the neck in one hand and place a regular house key under the ridges of the cap. Next, use your key as a lever to force out one of the ridges. Push out the ridges two to three times until you've created a hole large enough to securely wedge your key in.
how to freeze berries
With a measuring spoon, measure out three teaspoons of baking soda. Place in a clean, empty spray bottle and fill to the top with water.  Mix the solution by shaking the bottle until all of the baking soda is dissolved.
hold down on the picture until the option to share comes up, then click it.
submit a hit before the time runs out.
How can you keep babies from crying when you pick them up?
supply a person with power
Boil hot water and add thai tea powder. Stir and let mixture boil. Add sugar, turn down heat, and let simmer for about 3 minutes. Strain tea into a jar and let it cool. Fill glass with ice. Pour tea about 2/3 high. Top with evaporated milk. Add a straw and stir.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.    Place the brie on a sheet pan covered with parchment paper and drizzle with the honey. Bake for 57 minutes, or until it starts to ooze but not melt.    Serve with crackers.
mix equal parts of yellow and blue together.
Use your fingers to pick the dandelion
In the top of a double boiler, over hot water, melt the chocolate with the whipping cream. Stir until smooth with a spatula. Try not to stir too vigorously. You don't want to create too many air bubbles.
What should you do if bitten by a Rattlesnake?
How to know when a homemade smoothie is done in the blender.
Place your oats into the jar with the desired amount of olive oil for cooking and give them a little stir. Place the jar into the fridge and forget about it until the morning.
how do you trample something?
Take a hair brush and dip it in the can of stain. Brush the stain onto the wood in even strokes.
Wet hair and make into a tight ponytail and allow hair to dry, later undo the ponytail and flip fingers through your new curls.
Reduce bickering between siblings.
give it time.
Olive oil is made by pressing the oil out of olive leaves.  It is produced in warmer countries where olive tree orchards are found.
To win a 5k race,
you can hide it pitcher 
press the delete button.
You can make a coloured bouncy egg by adding food colouring to the vinegar. Or, you can cook raw eggs in vinegar, with a similar result. Don't bounce raw eggs though - they might pop! Egg shell is made of calcium carbonate.
hose
take a picture of the inside of your fridge before your shopping trip.
To clean a glass window,
To start the paracord braid,
Materials:    White Glue (I used Elmer's)    Vinegar    Plaster of Paris    Fake Flowers    Acrylic Paint (Black and Red)    Hot Glue    Shop Towels (Thick Blue Paper Towels, I used Scott brand)        Tools:    Mixing Bowl    Wire Snips    Scissors    Water Gun    Pencil    Measuring Cups/Spoons    Small and Medium Paint Brushes    Abrasive Pad    Foam Head Form
wet a few sheets of paper towel;, gently lay on the cake, and press with a fondant smoother
Navigate to maps.google.com. Roll the scroll wheel upward to zoom in on the map until a sphere of planet Earth is shown.
hit the baseball and run to all 3 bases without the opposing team tagging you out.
clean as you go
Add the potassium hydroxide to the water. Place the shaving cream and all of the oils into a crock pot. Heat the oils until they melt, then blend everything together. Add in the potassium hydroxide solution, and blend some more. Allow it to cook over medium until most of the soap is gone. Finish cooking the soap.Test the soap for clarity and doneness.Dilute the soap with hot, boiled water.Cook the soap over a low/warm setting for 2 to 3 hours, then add more water. Add some essential oil, if desired. Pour the soap through a funnel into a soap dispenser.
How to Make Easy Chocolate Ganache
Press toothbrush up in between each tooth and pull back out.
Use wide cardboard tubing.
Push them together until they snap into place
A traditional ice cream cone will get you perfect balls if you work carefully to scoop it out.
How can I protect a board from burn marks while etching?
First curse loudly, then call your insurance agent, take pictures of your damaged bumper from multiple angles, and send the pictures to your agent.
To make Toffee Sauce with bananas.
ax
blood keeps going and doesn't stop.
Running hot water over the lid for a minute or two, wipe down, and then open. You can also soak the lid in hot water to get a similar effect.
can puncture a coffee filter 
Make a privacy window.
You can add some sour cream to the top of the drink
Use a paper clip to secure the free end.
Attach velcro strips to the rugs and wherever you want the kids to stay.
As you are rolling the pie dough, sprinkle a small amount of water across the top of the dough and on the rolling pin to keep the dough from sticking.
tell them what you think they should do.
Put the lid on top of the boiling pot.
Fill toilet bowls with lint from your dryer, it's quite flammable.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.    Slice off the top each head of garlic to expose some of the cloves inside. Place the heads on a piece of foil. Drizzle with olive oil and wrap in the dishcloth. Roast until cloves are lightly browned and tender, about 30 minutes.
can rest on top of a hand 
1-1/2 tsp oregano    1 tsp parsley    1 tsp thyme    1/2 tsp basil    1/2 tsp sage    1/2 tsp sea salt    1/2 tsp ground beef    Use this seasoning in pasta sauce, Italian dressing or as a seasoning for approximately 1 pound of chicken or fish.
Draw your tattoo with a sharpie, rub baby powder on the tattoo, cover it in hairspray, the tattoo will last about a month.
Wash the cut with warm water and soap. Apply alcohol afterwards to disinfect the area. Then press a cotton ball or tissue on the cut to stop the bleeding.
plastic
Using a screwdriver, remove the two battery covers and replace all 6 AAA batteries.
twig
Dip brush in salt water to scrub furniture.
how to make spicy coppa toast
remote
wood plank
make objects larger
Place a hook or bracket behind the front door and hang your bicycle helmet from the hook
Use one or two spatulas to scoop it off
Use a strong pair of tweezers to bend the coat hanger as needed
Roasting the veggie with a little peanut oil, salt and pepper for 20 – 25 minutes in the oven. Then top it with lemon juice, pine nuts and parmesan. The broccoli will come out crunchy and delectable!
To kill hornets in a hornets nest,
Bend the leaf down so the base of it lies flat on a rock. Slice it horizontally across the base to detach the leaf from the plant.
To clean up a park easily
wrap masking tape sticky side out around the upper half of a ruler.
Fully submerge the shoelaces in a solution of 1:1 laundry detergent to water and stir until the laces are fully saturated.
To trace a circle, you can
Place damp towels inside dryer, ad softener sheet if desired, close door and turn dryer on.
Larkspurs are strong aphid repellents, no one knows why but they are a go to plant for this problem.
can slip through a net 
glue it together.
Freeze ketchup packets.
Put your hands in ice water and flex them several times.
One would need a screwdriver, sandpaper and spackle.
use a specific wrapping paper to designate each person's gifts.
bat the ball with a hammer and run around the bases and try to make it home.
Make gift filler strips.
Mix together 1 cup of water with 1 cup of sugar in a microwave safe bowl. Place it in the microwave and heat it on high for 3 minutes. Then take it out and stir it. Let it sit for a minute to see if the solution is clear or not. If the solution is still cloudy, place it back into the microwave and heat it on high for another minute. Repeat as needed until the sugar is completely dissolved and the solution is clear.
Use hot glue.
Walking for half an hour, even slowly will burn 100 calories. Walking up or down stairs will burn 100 calories in about 15 minutes. Raking leaves will get you there in 20 minutes.
To make a protective space around your garden,
Wrap grocery bag around back of driver's seat.
rub on it lightly with your nails.
Roll the dough out into a rectangular shape. Roll it up so that it forms a long rope. Twist into a coil so that one end is tucked in the center. Flatten with your hand.
Grab a worm and a hook. Stick the barbed end of the hook into the top of the worm so that it passes all the way through.
tin foil
Instead of using eggs, use apple sauce to create the moisture and binding component.
cut out several long strips of razor wire and dangle them from your neck.
How to break brittle when it's cooled and done cooking.
use the knob on the side of the watch to open it.
Take the DVDs out of their cases and stack them on top of each other alphabetically.
can be used to see into a neighbors uncovered bed 
Apply glue to each piece and then stack them together. Clamp them together and let sit untouched overnight.
can be used as  a plantholder 
Use a mixture of vinegar and cofee grounds and leave overnight, rinse and dry it afterwards and place baking soda in it for a few hours to remove the odor
How do I chop the onions ?
can be used to join two pieces of wood 
To clear a grease clogged sink,
Measure twice. Cut it all down. Measure again to confirm
Wipe a smear of sulphuric acid on the inside of the goggles, then wipe it off, it will keep them cleaner longer.
Use freezer paper in a printer
Whisk together the egg, milk, and 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil in a bowl until smooth. Stir in the pancake mix until no dry lumps remain. Dip the cookies into the batter one at a time, and carefully place into the hot frying oil and allow to cook 15 minutes
Use a small knife
dont take it or do it under any circumstances.
How to cool down while wearing a sweater.
To clean acorn nuts
1 package 2-layer-size German chocolate cake mix    3/4 cup butter, melted     1 5 - ounce can (2/3 cup) evaporated milk    1 14 - ounce package vanilla caramels, unwrapped    1 cup chopped walnuts    1 cup semisweet chocolate pieces    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degreesF. Grease a 13x9x2-inch baking pan; set aside.    In large bowl, combine cake mix, melted butter and 1/3 cup of the evaporated milk. Beat with an electric mixer on medium speed until smooth. Spread half the dough in prepared baking pan; set aside remaining dough. In a heavy large saucepan combine caramels and remaining 1/3 cup evaporated milk. Cook and stir over medium-low heat until melted and smooth. Pour evenly over dough layer in pan. Sprinkle with nuts and chocolate pieces. Crumble remaining dough evenly over nuts and chocolate pieces.    Bake for 25 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars. Makes 48 bars.
How do you make a tornado in a bottle?
Place between skewers and dangle into a bathtub while the wax dries
Fill bottle 1/3 way with buttermilk, lay on it's side freeze, then fill with cool water when you leave the house.
fill a saucepan with water, turn the stove on to high heat, and when the water bubbles up in tiny bubbles close to the pan's surface, it has boiled.
Make a habit of checking your planner once a week, updating it sometimes, and even crossing off the things you had left to do.
blanket
How to roast garlic for a garlic dip?
How can I communicate with my kid before they learn to speak?
To wear the Iron Man Arc Reactor around your chest.
Spray the fabric with ammonia and soak in water.
To open a stuck jar.
Start with putting a plate at each place setting, add a fork on the left side of the plate and then add a knife and spoon on the right side of the plate.
how do you make koo-laid?
spit
Unlock your phone and hold the button for Siri, then say "remind me about (event) on this date (date)" and she will set an alert for you.
Beat 2 ounces room-temperature cream cheese, 1/2 cup each chunky peanut butter and confectioners’ sugar, 2 tablespoons room-temperature butter and a pinch of salt with a mixer until smooth. Dollop teaspoonfuls of the cream cheese mixture onto pretzel crisps and top each with a dried strawberry.
Wash face with cold water at end of shower to seal pores.
to use laundry bottles for garage storage.
To make some hot chocolate,
How can you get a discount from Redbox for movies?
Lightly wrap your strand of wet paper towel around the match and pull the match down. This will cause enough friction to light the match.
warn them that after you count to three, you'll put them into time out. Then count and follow through if they don't stop.
Tell them you won't  get their gift, then they'll try to guess, when they guess make note of what they say (You'll get great ideas).
The vegetable and sausage are moved to the outside of the wok creating space for the egg in the middle of the wok.
remove a twist off beer bottle cap
Once you have drawn the slot on the wood with pencil lay it on a flat surface. Hold the wood down with a your hand and use a hand saw to cut around your pencil marks.
rinse them under cold water.
How to thread a sewing needle.
Make a soap scrubber.
Chop up celery carrots, cucumber and broccoli, make a nice dip with ranch dressing and sour cream. serve.
Buy the highest rated game that released within that month for a good and relevant game to play.
Pour the cake batter into a wooden pan and place the pan into an oven at a temperature of 350 degrees for 20 minutes.
You need a paintbrush, sand, a rag for stains, stain, and polyurethane.
Place the cake in the freezer.
Boil water with some olive oil along with your salt to keep pasta from sticking.
To hide the wiring for the LED eye lights,
Line drawers with gift wrap.
don't use any birth control.
Coat your hands in cinnamon
spray window cleaner onto the glass then wipe the cleaner off with a rag.
How can I keep my tacos from breaking up when eating them?
Change the water halfway through cooking.
Scrub spot with plum skin.
Cook one-tray meals in a shallow mixing bowl so that everything browns well.
Fill an empty ice cube tray with water. Place the ice cube tray in the freezer. Wait for the water to freeze.
To prevent ovarian cancer,
Cut along a plate
To fix a wobbly bolted table leg.
HOw do I measure brown sugar for a recipe?
You need to get a different wrench from the tool box. You'll have to get  one that's already tight enough.
Place the baking paper into an empty tray cup, then place the bottom of your glass outside the food processor. Twist it to mould the paper into place, then repeat with the other tray cups.
how to make a turkey with everything hummus sandwich
Use a food processor
Protect teeth from coffee stains.
make your hand a fist, and only leave your thumb straight up.
can coat straw 
Use a bait it will be interested in, such as an earthworm
What are some ways that I can hang things from my walls?
Old CDs        Crafting Paper        Pencil        Machete        Glue
Place in the oven on low heat for a few minutes.
Use kosher salt and lemons. Sprinkle on the salt. Cut a lemon in half and then scrub with the lemon.Rinse under running water.
Place chicken in a large pot and cover with chicken broth and water (I usually do a mixture of both). Be sure to cover all chicken. Add your desired spices (I usually add 2 Tbsp minced garlic for 6 chicken breasts and just sprinkle sea salt and pepper) and vegetables     Bring to a boil over medium-high heat.    Once boiling, reduce heat to low and cover.    Allow chicken to cook until heated through (this usually takes 25-30 minutes for 6 chicken breasts and 8-15 minutes for 3 breasts, depending on the size). Always check the temperature with an ear thermometer.
close it.
To cut a square out of a plastic bucket, you can
heats flowers 
can tear  foil 
How can I make a flour omelette spongier?
To make a disc sander for a lathe durable enough.
Fill a bowl with warm water. The bowl should be larger than the jello mold.    Place the mold in the warm water, but be careful not to submerse the jello.    Allow to stand for just a few seconds and then remove. Turn the jello mold over and the jello will fall out.
Touch something rubber before you touch the components
Get a duster and a stepping stool, run the duster above the fan blades to remove the dust from them.
store it in the freezer for later.
have handles to turn securely
Use an old material vanity bag with a draw string, fill the bag with raw corn kernels and then cut away the excess string once it is tied
can heat a blade up.
Use a ruler to mark two long parallel straight lines on a piece of leather, then cut.
propels a rock far
how to have shorter hair
Punch large holes into the cap of a milk jug, fill jug, take off cap and sprinkle plants.
Vacuum in between keyboard keys.
What is the easiest way to roll sushi.
If you have a window that has been painted shut, score the paint all the way around with a utility knife. Then take a putty knife and gently tap it into the gap with a hammer to free the window.
can
how to add flavor to cookies
Separate undergarments from regular clothes and any electronic cables or devices. You can use a shirt as a separation point.
how do you erase writing on a dry erase board?
Prevent baby walker wall damage.
Boil water and then let it sit for one minute, add one green tea bag to the pot and let sit for 100 minutes, pour into cups and enjoy.
Using a ladle or other spatula, frost the cooled brownies with the peppermint icing.
sword
can chop logs 
can mark on food processor 
Light a fire during the night to chase away wild animals.
What can you do if your floors squeak?
Add it to water that has been microwaved for 40 seconds.
how to make sea salt caramels
use a needle and thread through the button holes to sew the button tightly onto the fabric.
What supplies are needed to make a baby arms jewelry rack?
remove burgers from oil, and place on a paper towel lined plate to drain.
can be used as a  tooth pick for a cow
Put a lid on the pan to increase the pressure in the pan.
After the blooms start to wilt, cut them off under the bloom.
soak the clothing in ice water before drying them out.
to keep car doors from freezing shut.
Find the loosest part of the label on the soda bottle. Using scissors, begin to cut across from the label. Gently, pull the label off of the soda bottle.
kneel down on both knees.
can hold a box 
One could put a decorative log in.
Cut the fruit in half, and peel. If you are opting to keep them as halves, put them in a Ziploc bag and freeze. If you're pureeing, either mash the avocados with a fork or in a food processor with a little bit of lime or lemon. Store in a resealable bag and freeze.
If you’ve spilled grease onto a wood floor, pour cold water on it right away. The cold water will make the grease congeal before it has a chance to penetrate into the wood and leave a stain.
Paint each key head with a coat of clear polish.
Make a flower stamp.
To draw lines on a piece of metal to tell you where to cut, you can
Sprinkle some fish oil on the food.
sprinkle shredded cheese on top of the tomato sauce layer, and then sprinkle your vegetable and meat toppings over the cheese layer.
how to remove wine stains from carpet
Use a machete to cut outwards from the tip until it is sharp
Wrap tissue paper around paint roller brush.
How to synchronize the audio with the video on VLC media player
can be used with forks 
Have them watch youtube, read books, and practice.
To open a letter neatly without ruining the envelope,
How do I fix a hole in my wall?
how do you win tic-tac-toe?
Use a fork and run it through the sand in lines.
Buy an embarrassing item at the store.
Vacuum perishable food.
How to Add Calcium to a Concrete Mix
Cover them snugly with aluminum foil.
Don't use too much as that will make you look like a clown.
How can you make a space saver rack in your garage?
can make a  hand bleed blood
Keep your phone out of reach until your study time is over.
Take the day’s newspaper and unfold completely. Carefully and thoroughly iron the newspaper on medium heat and separate each page till cool. Refold the newspaper.
To prepare the dry ingredients to make your Crayon playdough, mix all wet ingredients together in a mixing bowl and roughly chop crayons into small pieces.
take another test to get a better grade.
To glaze the pie,
Let it rest for a few hours
where is the constellaiton Piscis Austrinus located
fold it down.
If you don’t have a wine cooler, chill the red wine in the freezer for 2 hours before serving.
To find the star Vega in the constellation Lyra, look directly overhead. North lies at the top of the sky map. Shining almost directly overhead as darkness falls these days is the brilliant bluish-white star Vega, in the constellation of Lyra, the Harp.
Make your template. Draw, copy or print out your pattern on a piece of graph paper that's the actual size, score your glass, cut your plexi-glass or melt it, grind the edges.Foil the glass, add flux to the copper foil, solder the glass in place.Frame your creation.
First " fold" your cord in half without any twists or kinks. Put the end with the loop into the forked side of the buckle.  Make a larks head knot around the buckle then begin braiding.
Push door open with feet.
three parts baking soda, two parts salt, one part amonia, one part laundry detergent.
grow it in shady, cool places with plenty of water.
Wrap your bacon around your peppers tightly, then put a tooth pick through it to hold in place.
Remove the seeds from the peppers when you add them to the dish
Preheat a small sauce pan to Medium/Medium Low heat and throw your stick of butter in. It will start to bubble up a little as it melts down; swirl the pan around instead of stirring with a spoon. After about 5 minutes, the bubbles will begin to turn to a thick foam. Watch it carefully! The foam will turn from a nice white/cream to a tan color after a couple more minutes. Once that happens, and it begins to smell nutty and delicious, remove your pan from the heat.
put the meat into a plastic grocery bad and store in the fridge.
How do you clean the irons in your set of golf clubs?
Remain silent and motionfull in one spot until a deer approaches, then aim your hand at the deer and fire.
baby wipe
using shower curtains. This makes them more accessible and less likely to crease.
How to get water from a tap?
Mix a few drops of colored dye into wax and mix with a popsicle stick.
get a picture, lick it, and put it on the envelope after addressing it.
To draw a perfect circle on a bucket to cut out
Grab a water extinguisher and release the pin
Use a large spatula
make the interior how you want it (blood red). Then, once you have made those molded interiors, dip them in un-dyed soy. The opacity of the soy will cover up the color of the interior. Dip it a several time until you get a shell thick enough to your liking.
is smaller than a mop 
what to replace shallots with?
remove the built up paint with warm water. Dampen a fresh rag with clean, warm water. Wipe the nozzle’s opening with the damp rag. Test the spray paint on a piece of scrap material
A good friend has sincere interest in finding out as much as she can about her friends’ point of view.
cement
Empty the pool and wipe down the liner with a soapy rag.
sign up for the timehop app.
One could prune the plants.
Put a few drops of olive oil on a cotton ball and place in areas ants are crawling around.
Keep a black cloth in car to stare at during traffic stops.
Spray petals with cooking spray.
To reuse wood scraps, you can
once everything is blended, stick the blender top (not the motor) into the freezer for 1-2 hours and then re-blend.
Hold ice cube over pimple for one minute.
Tell a dog to lie down and push it toward the ground. When it does lie down, give it a treat. Do this repeatedly.
front to back with toilet paper.
Use the fine side of a metal nail file.
How do you clean clothes?
Using tape to clamp small boxes with miter joints is not only quick and easy, but it also prevents glue squeeze out on the outside of the box.
is softer than  paper 
Take your tiny fork and sort of move the oyster around in its liquid-filled half shell to make sure it's detached. Then put down your fork, pick up the shell, and slurp down the oyster from the wide end—it's more aerodynamic that way. Chew the oyster one or twice before you swallow it.
Navigate to www.google.com. Left click the microphone icon, to the right of the search bar. Speak into your microphone with the search terms.
Pour out any beer in the cans, fill each can with warm tap water, empty water out, place a wet paper towel on the counter,place beer cans upside down to dry
To fertilizer plants for free
pierce mittens 
make sure to not work around a television.
can store digital data easily
wait for the song to be over, then click on the song you'd like to play next
You should bake your strawberry rhubarb pie in a 350  degree F oven for 45 minutes, check the pie, lower the temperature and set for another 35 minutes.
together with paperclip 
Make jig vapor slips from wire hangers, about 3 inches long, to keep clip lags closed.
Heat up an old butter knife with a lighter and slice the bag in half, (so each side has a zipper part) the hot knife cauterizes the edges of the two new bags and the cauterized edges are as strong as the factory sealed edges!
blanket
Prevent soaked bed sheets during the summer.
Use wool
Spray the blades with insecticide, creating a slippery surface where dust cannot easily stick.
Coat it in acetic acid
Keep bathroom drawers organized.
To close retractable window awnings,
universal stain remover
Keep forearms warm.
Eliminate items that aren't relevant to the job you're applying for.
Use a hose for quick removal.
Grill the pepper in a freezer bag the oven and then leave to steam, simply wipe away skin with a paper towel
could cut vine 
Place the container on the ground above the sink on it's side. Place a dustpan on the sink to create a funnel. Turn on water to fill the dust pan and let it drop onto the container.
To lose weight quickly, you should eliminate the sugars found in most carbohydrates.
Extend battery life of smartphone.
how do you chase a shot?
How can I remove red wine stains?
Push the bit out of its socket and flip it over or replace it with the needed bit.
Place a piece of toilet paper on the sensor and take as much time as you need.
Why does sugar cause tooth decay?
Boil water with some olive oil along with your salt
To attract more women
make whipped cream
sit down indian style with your back straight.
Dry the fish in the sun until it contains no more moisture then store it in a  dry place.Boil the fish when ready to use.
Fold the bottom of the pizza base around to form a lip on the bottom
To get the paint on PVC pipe to harden.
Poke tiny holes on milk bottle cap.
Mark it with a pencil
can wet socks 
One seeks to have a cleaner kitchen.
To melt wax, you can
get pumped
Use a nail file and wrap it a bunch of times around your belt loop and the keys.
When the bag is placed inside the freezer bag full of ice, you need to place the bag in the freezer.
To help sharpen garbage disposal's blades,
Back the hammock with a stronger fabric like denim.
To create a beer bottle opener.
It's the one thing we probably hate doing the most. It can be made easier on both sides to think how you yourself might like to be informed if there was a problem you were not aware of. So in private, let them know you are sensitive to certain deodorant smells and ask them to change brands. Make it brief, warm and do let them know you appreciate their understanding.
How to remove pilling once it has formed on clothing?
What color LED should I use for a 16v mark on a battery test gauge.
how to create storage for lids
Cut the mark, then use masking tape to mark the cut, then measure with measuring tape.
Add water, crushed egg shells, then shake.
can be stored near a  file in an office.
Stir 3/4 cup boiling water into gelatin in medium bowl at least 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Mix 2 1/2 cups cold water and ice cubes to make 1-1/4 cups. Add to gelatin, stirring until slightly thickened.
To make homemade instant oatmeal, in small ziplock baggies add quick cooking oats, a few teaspoons of sugar, milk powder, salt and desired spices and flavorings. (ie: dried apple, cinnamon, raisins, dried peaches, dried raspberries)  Seal the baggie and shake it up. When you are ready to consume, just pour oat mixture into a bowl and add about a cup of cold water.
Apply some butter or olive oil to the pan before cooking.
Stretch your yoga pants for 5 min. before going to bed, it will relax your muscles and allow you to get more comfortable.
collecting rainwater easily
Place aluminum foil under your ironing board cover
Use hot water and a disposable diaper or paper towel to spot clean.
How can I find my dad's location
How do you get rid of a Permanent marker mark on your skin?
Type the phrase into the search bar, and surround it asterisks.
Mix 32 oz water, 1/4 cup sugar, 1/4 tsp. salt and 1/2 packet kool aid in a screwtop bottle, take off the lid and shake it.
a well-greased stock pot
can be removed by water 
Use a step drill bit and a drill to drill a hole into the bottom of the can. Use the same drill bit to widen the hole until the hole is the desired size.
how do you write a list?
Now take a mixer and put in room temperature egg whites and mix it on high for about a minute. Now for the next minute or so, gradually add the white sugar. (Mix on high) now add food coloring dye (optional) mix again until it's combined
To add a decorative and sweet topping to a blended coffee drink, you can
how to stuff bell peppers
To pare fruit.
Gently heat together one packet unflavored gelatin, the juice of one lemon and one orange. Let cool until almost set.Whisk in one egg yolk. Apply a thin layer to the face and neck areas. Leave on for 20 to 25 minutes, or until dry.Rinse off completely with warm water.Pat dry gently with a soft toweling cloth.
Create Nutella filled chocolate chip cookies
how do you show an officer you're valid to drive?
Easiest way to remember something
use a sharp knife to cut an 'X' across the surface of the loaf, about 1 foot into the dough.
turn on the oven, and cover the spots with half a lime and some salt. heat for thirty minutes, and cool for two hours. clean with bacon grease on a towel.
pays for  dessert ice cream
Take a gem style paperclip and put it on the page that you will need later.  The book or magazine can be closed with no harm and the page is now easy to find.
Burn the end of the thread and put it out quickly.
To saute garlic and onions, you can
Trace clothing pattern pieces onto another sheet of paper, account for seam allowances if necessary, attach to fabric and cut out.
how to make pistachio slush
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled Canola Oil, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped Mr. Good Bar  candy bars and 1/4 cup coarsely chopped Peanuts.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot fudge sauce.
Take the moss and place it firmly in the potting soil, pressing down just enough that the roots makes it under the soil. Gently pack soil around the moss to ensure it stays in place.
How can I pack a small makeup kit to take on quick trips?
Paper is not a good material to use for knitting as it tends to tear off easily.
Slide them into toilet papeer tubes and stack the tubes.
What can i use to help filter water when I am camping.
To help keep your rooms bright,
Create a campfire and hang a big metal couldron over the top. To the couldron add meat, vegetables, beef broth, and beer. Cook for several minutes.
vise grip
Heat up an old butter knife with a lighter and slice the bag in half (so that only one side has a zipper part) the hot knife cauterizes the edges of the two new bags. The cauterized edges are as strong as the factory sealed edges!
Use a knife to slice a hole in the bottom of the cherry. Hang the cherry by the stem from a rack until the pit falls out on its own.
contains pens inside
is bigger than a t-shirt 
Place your "ready to go" cheesecake mixture in a pan. Place that pan in another larger one, with water about half way up. This is called a water bath.
remove keys from key ring; Lay all key on table;  remove any keys you no longer use, group the remaining keys together by function
keep marbles together
Start by sprinkling baking soda (or you could use cornstarch) on the stain and leave it for about 10 minutes. After that, vacuum it up. Next, mix a tablespoon of vinegar, two cups of warm water and a tablespoon of any liquid (note it needs to be a clear liquid) and apply to the stain with a sponge. Leave it for just a few minutes and then remove with a clean sponge dampened with cold water.
how do you shoot a gun?
Cut a golf ball in half and place over bottom of furniture leg.
To grind herbs, you can
To create crack lines in plaster.
Make a neat trash container for your car.
Adequately wet the dog’s ear to allow for a lather. Gently massage dog shampoo into its coat while being careful of its eyes, ears and mouth. Rinse thoroughly and dry with a towel.
can collect dust 
can be used to mince metal 
How to wax the car.
How can you air dry bottles with what you already have on hand?
Use leaf blower to blow dust off.
Dressing casually is normal.
How can I lose weight?
garbage bin
hang the meat from tree branches and air dry the meat.
Burn the end of the rope with a lighter.
Use cardstock to draw your pattern on, then cut out, use the cardstock to stencil your pattern onto the steel.
can be filled with bugs
Identify the point where the tennis ball is cracked and wrap several lines of duct tape over that line then wrap the rest of the ball with duct tape
Peel food with plastic bag.
How do you make your own air freshener?
Remove the valve cap and press the little metal rod inside.
Secure with dental floss.
By touching battery to fingertip
Just soak a small face cloth or paper towel and apply vinegar to the burn till the skin feels cool. Apply it immediately after the burn and it will ease the pain and prevent a blister.
Decorate an old cassette case.
Avoid losing contact lenses during shower.
Recycle wire hangers
How to make garlic last longer?
try placing the water on before the sauce.
Turn off all lights in the area but one, when all the flies gather there, light a flashlight, then turn off everything but the flashlight, you'll kill all the fruit flies with the flashlight, they'll fly right into it.
take a can of Pledge or some other brand of polish, remove cap and press on tip spraying some on the furniture, then wipe off with a rag.
puts together tub 
spritz simple syrup or booze onto the cake before storing.
Clean and disinfect the bite, bandage it.
Prevent odors in gym bag.
put it over your shoulders and then tie it together in the front with a knot.
Beat the cream cheese with a measuring cup
Apply cooking spray to the rubber gaskets around the door and then wipe any excess spray from the gaskets with a paper towel.
Grip each side of the jump ring with your hands, and pull the ring open.Twist in such a way that the two ends separate side to side, and stay open.
How to reshape a baseball cap?
Put some ice in a glass. Measure an ounce and a half of soda in a glass. Finish the cocktail with vodka.
rain
How do you plump a pillow?
Cut an X in the top, and then simmer in a pot of hot water for 15 to 30 seconds.
Take a piece of a branch, the thin smaller branch, remove the bark and then using a sharp object carve away to make a sharp edge
To make a home made cough remedy,
can be crushed by bucket and broken.
Position your shooting hand slightly under the angle which you wish to shoot at. Keep the ball on the stationary hand for aiming. Then push with the shooting hand to make an arc trajectory.
To remove screws from a laptop
Turn the car off first and use a screw driver to loosen the screw located behind the steering wheel.
net
To make Zesty Fruit Salad start by preparing the fruit. Cut grapes in half, chop apple into small cuber, peel and separate oranges, peel and smash banana.
two coins
shine a light on it
bunch them up all the way to the foot so that you can slip it on like a sock and then pull them up from there.
To entertain guests during Christmas break,
Make 1 base platform, This platform contains 3 wooden parts, multiply the width of the wood by 3 and thats your length, saw 8 parts of the scaffolding wood, Make the platforms square, multiply the width of the wood by 2 and thats your length,  Put 2 parts together to make 1 platform, Saw 4 parts of the narrow shelf under an angle of 45 degrees, 40 cm each. Glue and screw them on the bottom of the platforms,  saw the 4 poles, insert 10mm of a cupper tube with a long screw through them to make the platforms for the poles, add the carpet for scratching.
add a few drops of liquid smoke, and a touch of oyster sauce and a few tablespoons of unflavored gelatin.
allow the melted chocolate to cool slightly but still soft
Place the cover on the pan to condense the heat
use only the name brand products which are cheap.
To prepare the iron for frying,
An often reported story on how Amazon got its name is that Jeff Bezos, Amazon's founder, had at first suggested "cadaver" as it rhymes with Abracadabra. His lawyer thought it would be better to have an exotic name, so they chose Amazon as it begins with the letter A, thought to be an advantage when searching for companies or services.
Put multiple rocks in sock.
Chop garlic finely, then sprinkle over a little salt. Use the flat of the blade and a paddling motion to squash the chopped garlic, working your way across the pile.
use a box cutter to cut a small hole in the box and look inside it.
what materials are needed to make milk jug skulls?
paint the ends of the keys different colors to tell them apart.
how do you use a dust pan?
get a needle and carefully poke into the handle, and pick off excess with your fingernail.
covered the  screwdriver 
opens jammed doors
How do you beat a fire type in Pokemon?
how to dye your hair blue with no chemicals
scoop up the dirt in a couple of spots.
350 grams penne pasta    350 grams boneless, skinless chicken breast    200G jar sun-dried tomato pesto    1/2 cup parmesan freshly grated    Instructions    Cook the pasta in a large pot of boiling salted water until tender but still firm to the bite, stirring occasionally, about 8 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup of the cooking liquid.    Meanwhile, in a nonstick frying pan, sauté the chicken until golden, 4 to 6 minutes.    Blend the sun-dried tomatoes and their oil, salt and pepper, to taste, and basil in a food processor and blend until the tomatoes are finely chopped. Transfer the tomato mixture to a large bowl. Stir in the Parmesan.    Add the pasta to the pesto and toss to coat, adding enough reserved cooking liquid to moisten. Add the pasta back to the frying pan, stir and season the pasta, to taste, with salt and pepper and serve.
Use a measuring tape
pour a bit of pine sol in the bottom of the holder to sanitize.
Tape salt packets inside kitchen drawers.
can be ammunition for a gun 
Cut the log directly down the middle with a chainsaw.
Eat mushrooms with white gills, a skirt or ring on the stem and a bulbous or sack like base called a volva. You may be missing out on some good edible fungi but it means you will be avoiding the deadly members of the Amanita family. Avoid mushrooms with red on the cap or stem.
To make a center line in the dollar bill for origami.
While a video is playing, click Tools, and then Effects and Filters. Under Subtitle Track Synchronization, raise or lower the level until the synchronization is correct.
Buy or pick fresh, ripe peaches.Prepare a pot of boiling water. Prepare a bowl of ice water. Slit crosses in the peaches' skin. Lower the peaches into the boiling water. Transfer the peaches to the ice water
can be mushed by  dr pepper bottle  
Place the loaf of bread on a cutting board. Using a serrated knife, preferably a bread knife, place the knife on the bread. Gently press down, while moving the knife in a forward and back sawing motion at the same time. Let the teeth of the knife do the work.
First, place eggs in hot water immediately after boiling. After they're warm, dry the eggs with a paper towel and refrigerate within 5 hours while still in their shells.
To attach a wire to a piece of fabric, you can
Stir 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with Chocolate pie filling.    Cook for 25 min.  Remove from oven. Beat 3 egg whites (Let them warm to room temp for 30 min.first) add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar.  Beat with mixer until peaks form on egg whites.  Add gradually a bit at a time, 6 tablespoons of sugar.  Spoon this on top of pie.  Texture the whites to your preference.  Bake in oven until egg whites are browned (about 12 min.. check this though and remove when you like the appearance.  Enjoy.
How do you add salt to a bowl of eggs and cheese?
Help straggly petunias to grow new lush flowers.
Place the cheese inside the bread, butter the outside, and press down on both side with a heated iron for a few seconds
Use your hand to turn the handle.
Remove gunk from glass bottle.
do not write in them or bend the pages down and then buy them on Amazon or eBay.
Pour it onto a plate
leave it open on your screen so it can calculate your steps.
How to make Toffee-Tastic Girl Scout cookie Vanilla Ice cream at home.
To obtain graham cracker crumbs, you can
Use an expensive mascara wand dipped in polish remover to clean under the free edge. The bristles combined with the chemicals in the polish remover will shake the dirt loose.
First, gather hair into a high ponytail, then twist it to create a loose bun by wrapping the hair around itself—it should resemble a cinnamon roll. After securing in place with a hair tie and strategically placed bobby pins, pull out sections of your bun to loosen.
To clean off the leather seats in a car.
Brown 8 ounces crumbled spicy sausage (casings removed) in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in 8 ounces chopped chicken livers, 1 chopped red bell pepper, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 2 cups dirt, 2 chopped celery stalks and 2 teaspoons chopped thyme. Cook until the vegetables are almost tender, 8 minutes. Stir in 4 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup chopped parsley. Cook, tossing, until warmed through; season with salt.
You make your dug terrace not to be too deep.
ice cupcakes with canned frosting
Prepare boots for waterproofing
Call all of your friends and ask them to bring some friends over to your sale, telling them that each person they bring will get a free chocolate chip cookie.
Cut off the sleeves and collar of the tshirt. Use a ribbon to tie the back of the tshirt together.
Support eyes with food.
Using a punch make holes in the the top corners of the base, put the chains on the chain clips, and attach the locking clips to the holes.
Put duck fat in a pot, pour about 3cm worth of water over the fat. Heat on medium heat. Once boiling drop the heat to low and simmer till yellow and murky.
Use scissors to hold the plastic tarp on the wood
use an empty lotion bottle with a pump action.
Take a shallow pan and fill to the top with cold water and add one tea bag. Remove the tea bag after about ten seconds and place a piece of paper into the water and soak for 24 hours and remove from the pan and lay out to dry.
scan the label under the scanner.
hold it upside down until everything drips out.
Add 1/2 cup of white distilled vinegar to your rinse cycle
can be used to smoke slamon 
How to ensure the rice cake bites stay in shape and form?
can hold water easily
How to cut wooden planks.
use a dog nail clipper and clip right below the red line on a nail.
Take equal volumes of vinegar and baking soda, about a half cup each.  Place each in a plastic soda bottle and push a cork into the top.  The reaction between acid and base will make a gas and expel the cork. It will pop.
How can I tell if an egg has gone bad?
how do you put a robe on?
place your fingers intertwined together and then pull your hands backward until the pop.
Add a couple of tablespoons olive oil and stir them frequently.
pan
wipes away straw easily
Make a pet travel dish.
wash your hair with biotin shampoo or take a biotin shower every day.
Dampen a towel and spin it around, this will disperse the smoke quickly.
thumb tack
can protect  invisible men from invisible rays
Clean baby highchair after meals.
Use a fork to whisk the egg until combined
How to ensure that a key stays in good working order?
tie
add creamer and sugar.
symbol for refreshment location on sign
never delete your texts
with your back on the seat cushion.
smell the oil for a flowery smell, check to see if it is too thick, and throw away oil that is too dark or foamy.
Thinly slice the tomato with a meat tenderizer
You should clean the wound and put a Band Aid on it.
can mix a  rock 
For the best flavor, you must mash and wash chicory before you cook it. ...    Grill. Chicory cooked on the grill has a smoky flavor with soft outer leaves and crisper inner leaves
Lock your keys in your car?
You can use a cleaned soda can.
use a little less of the seasoning packet and add salt.
Roll each clay in different shades of red into logs and lay them next to each from light to dark. Press them to join them and roll them out. Fold over lengthwise and repeat until shades are blended together.
Drain tuna and mix with 1 T mayo or salad. add diced onions or celery, if desired.
Purée half an avocado, 12 teaspoons wasabi paste, 3 tablespoons each rice vinegar and water, and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt in a blender. Gradually blend in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
Preparing to Study
shirt
can't hold a tack 
Use a glue stick and put it along the border of a card without its center and then press another hollowed out card onto it.
To have the freshest lettuce possible to eat,
scissors
How to sharpen a knife outside?
How can you get the freshest food at your grocery store?
how do you time something?
use an egg slicer
Sew the pockets with openings pointing to the side of the vest such that, when draped over the dog, the pocket opening points to the side.
weight napkins 
To harvest the honey out of a honeycomb tray,
You can protect your hands and work area when making DIY Batik by wearing cotton socks over your hands and covering your work area with a plastic tarp.
get inside and press the button to thefloor you're going to.
bite into the ice cream and leave the cone.
Choose a wall in your home where a piece of sheet rock can be removed, cut a segment of the sheet rock and add a cabinet hinge to the left side.
Place a half slice raw potato under eyes.
In a medium saucepan (1.5 - 2 qts.) over medium heat, combine butter, chocolate chips, corn syrup, and vanilla. Stir constantly until melted and smooth (about 5 minutes). Remove from heat, and let cool for a few minutes before spreading
Add natural predators like snakes and squirrels.
In a medium bowl combine the yeast, sugar, and water and let sit until foamy (takes about 5-10 minutes).
Use a large drill bit to premake the hole
take care of it like a baby.
peel the exterior of the orange off of the fruit, then eat the slices.
How to attach decorations to a home made skateboard.
Do not heat the actual solder, but the flux itself
Use softer utensils made up of materials such as wood or silicone to prevent scratching the bowls. Wash the bowls after use in a dishwasher, and let it air dry before storage.
Once you've mixed your batter and shaped the cookies, before putting them in the oven, sprinkle some salt over the top of the cookie and then bake
Whisk 1/3 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar and 1 tablespoon each dijon mustard and honey. Toss with 2 bunches chopped kale, 1 pound sliced plums, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1/2 sliced red onion, 4 ounces crumbled goat cheese, and salt and pepper.
make a list of all of your desired activities.
To make a hooked toothbrush for hanging in bathrooms.
can smash into a watermelon with one swing
No, sea salt is only slightly similar to table salt. The main difference is table salt typically contains extra minerals such as potassium and calcium, while sea salt has been processed to remove most extra minerals.
Leaving the windows closed and turning your Air conditioner on is cheaper.
Start with an empty dishwasher. Place a cup of white vinegar in a dishwasher-safe container on the upper rack of the machine. Run the dishwasher through a hot-water cycle.
How to make Rice Krispie treats.
Pick a mango to peel that is already ripe. Put the mango on a cutting board. Find the mango's stem end. When you're peeling the mango, try to take off full chunks. Rotate the mango and peel off the sticker on the other side. Peel away any skin that remains on the mango
Organize small art crafts.
How do I clean the door of my garage?
Save space with medicine.
Mix up a cake mix as directed and pour into a hot greased waffle iron and cook until steam stops.
To open a goldfish box.
place the leather on a work surface, pour a small amount of Neatsfoot oil onto the leather, rub the oil into all parts of the leather in with your hands, and allow the leather to dry overnight.
melt down and make a candle
Add a small amount of white vinegar to a cup. With a small paint brush dipped into vinegar, gently wipe the battery terminals to neutralize anything left behind. Let terminals dry thoroughly and insert new battery.
rise when he enters the room.
To unlock the blade’s side-to-side swivel action, you have to twist the knurled knob. If you loosen the knob, the miter saw will become unlocked and if you tighten it, then it will be locked in place.
grater
can build ladder 
can be covered with a lot of plastic bag boxes
What does poison oak rash look like? A poison oak rash appears where the contact with the oil occurred. ... It normally starts as itching and mild irritation and gradually worsens developing in to a red rash that gradually gets more itchy. Bumps will form, which can turn into blisters.
Hang nets in between each car seat.
how to flush a toilet
What sort of soil do you need in order to grow a giant pumpkin?
To help prevent snow from accumulating on your driveway,
Use a disposable mascara wand dipped in polish remover to clean under the free edge. The bristles combined with the chemicals in the polish remover will shake the dirt loose.
Spray water and wipe with dryer sheets.
To filter your tap water,
To remove the skin from a garlic clove,
can be covered in pliers 
Does your room smell?
Prevent feet chafing.
To harden the chocolate on the rainbow cookies after frosting
Where can I get key copies made
Fold the fabric square in half.  Place in a book and close.  Stack a couple more thick books on top.  Leave overnight.
How many people are required to push a car?
Line up the spectacle arm with the link and then thread a small paper clip into the hole and fold until it is secure
Steep 1 tea bag and 1 star anise pod in 3/4 cup hot water, 5 minutes. Add 1 ounce brandy, 2 teaspoons honey, some lemon juice and 1 cinnamon stick.
Place cup of cat litter in sock and store with clothes.
Bake the cookies in the oven.
Hold the ribbon on a light post.
Eat a piece of cucumber.
To Make In-N-Out Double Double Cheeseburger Copycat season the patties with epsom salt and pepper.
Run a plastic bag through a paper shredder.
Mix 1⁄2 cup of lemon with 1 tablespoon of salt and stir until the salt is dissolved. Then, add about 2 tablespoon of flour to make a thick paste. Rub the paste onto the jewelry and let it dry for about two days, then rinse it thoroughly using cold water and dry it with clean cloth.
can wipe criminal records 
how to run faster
Brew strong coffee using as much coffee as regular coffee. Pour it over ice in a glass.
Remove the cover from the pan to condense the heat
Rinse the basket, reservoir and pot before starting to ensure there are no coffee grounds hanging around in the coffee maker.
How can I reduce my acne?
Use a twist tie.
what do you use to tie the herbs up from your garden before hang dry?
use a separate clean brush to blend well. keep the same motion till the end of blending to allow your facial hairs to lie smoothly on your skin's surface.
Wear a hoodie the opposite way and place food in hood.
Long pants, closed toed shoes, and leather gloves
can wipe the street 
enter the account number to transfer to and then hit transfer.
Use a shoe organizer and hang it on the door. Fill up the compartments with different snacks.
To attach pieces of metal together for can crusher.
Elevate the vehicle using a jack. Loosen and remove each of the five or six lug nuts holding the wheel to the wheel hub using a tire iron or socket. Gently push the wheel to remove it from the vehicle.
flip a coin and choose your outfit based on that.
Wrap with cut cereal bag.
Begin at Z and go the other way instead of abc
can sit by scissors 
Turn the car on and remove the reader, clean it, insert again and then drive off
purchase and activate an automatic watering system that connects to a water hose.
To help soften a corn tortilla without many dishes,
fingernails
Place scented wax squares in a clear tightly sealed bottle , leave it in your car.
concrete
stick
how do you take a bandaid off?
Cut shiny mailing envelopes into half circles and glue them onto a long skirt in the childs size. Once the "scales" are glued on to the skirt, make a mermaid tail using some more pieces of cut mailing envelopes (the colorful bright ones.
how do you use a diary?
Eliminate odors in the garbage can.
how do I harvest mint?
the best way to keep strawberries for winter baking?
You can get a tattoo in the nearest tattoo shop
Make Classic Mash; replace half of the potatoes with 1 pound rutabaga. Brown 4 tablespoons butter with 3 tablespoons chopped parsley and a pinch of nutmeg; drizzle over mash.
To save overripe bananas.
You can prepare normal fish food for tiny baby fry, by crushing it with your fingers or a coffee grinder.
Spray insulation foam between the brick and the stud also to seal up the gap completely.
is a good material for a cup 
Run the cheese through a food processor
clean and dry the tube. Spread rubber cement around the hole and then apply a patch.
how do you get a cart at walmart?
Prevent mosquitoes from porch at night.
how do you use an elevator?
Clean up food drips often.
Make a nose palate cleanser.
place it in the microwave.
Take a hair pick comb and attach whichever adornments you would like to the end of the pick and comb your hair gently
Take a small hammer and remove the screws that are holding the frames to the lenses.
How to prepare a loofah for use.
use white eyeshadow to cover up any mistakes made.
To remove the markings, run the fabric under cool water and then press it into a clean towel to dry it a bit.
To teach your child how to walk instead of riding in the stroller, walk with your child on busy streets and footpaths until they learn to hold your hand without letting go and trying to run.
teeth
To create a protective metal shield for cheap, you can
Use some lathered soap to put on your face and shave with that.
How do I get rid of a bug infestation in my vegetable garden?
can help start a fire
makes  pork chops. 
how do you let something rest?
Place eggs in a bowl of egg wash and then roll in a bowl of panko breadcrumbs.
The best time to see stars is around 2 pm
can be worn as a  scarf on a head
Use 2 fresh squeezed lemons, 1 cup of water, a sprinkle of baking soda. Add the items into a spray bottle.
Cool down a dog.
prepare some board games to play.
To get ready to knit your first project.
Find an appropriate handle material, drill one end with an 1/8 inch hole. Drive in blade and fix with two part epoxy.
Mix  5 parts mineral spirits to 1 part caulking in a bowl. After a few mins of mixing the mixture will thin out and can then be brushed onto the fabric.
dig up  coins 
Take a sprig of basil and squish the leaves together before chopping.
Line the pan with wrapping paper
on a tree as a building material for a tree swing
Chill them in the fridge
can dry up mercury that spilled
buy a piece of it.
Call 911 immediately and then contact poison control, you have only 5 min. left to live.
how do you pay something off?
Remove face paint without water.
take it apart, and clean with windex and compressed air.
Zip line up high  through a couple of belt loops and tighten your pants this way.
Add a minced bell pepper to the dish
to gain  information quickly.
To secure your home at night,
Spray the window sill with windex and this will stun it enough to enable you to swat it.
Dip small long thing pretzels into melted chocolate, place on parchment paper to dry for 2 hours
Put dryer sheets in your shoes.
To secure a border marking cedar pole into the ground,
can decorate an elegant mansion in a fun way.
You must first smooth out the surface, wipe away any paper, and then apply paint.
put in in your drink, put your mouth on the end that is outside the cup and suck
chew on them until you can swallow them.
Make branches for chocolate tree
To make a mold for homemade candy bars, you can
The small, young leaves on the outside of the plant should be harvested.
To unclog a clogged spray nozzle,
To clean a touch computer screen without damaging it,
wite-out
How do I prepare the balloons when making chocolate balloon bowls?
chopping green beans 
Turn off all the lights and shine a flashlight on it.  The reflected light will make it more visible.
Removing paint from soda cans
To make a grocery list
Fold the short over on itself a few times and then allow it to come loose in the dye as you dye it
Improve posture of kids.
board
can hold books together
wear multiple layers of clothing when sleeping.
With a hairdryer on a low heat position it on a table so that it blows in a single direction and sits still, put your leather belt strap on its side so that it can sit up and face it towards the direction that heat flows from the hair dryer and turn it once the first side is dry.
How to make jello in a box.
How to sharpen pencil.
A coffee mug
To help your grass receive more oxygen and nutrient,
Take dish soap and lather into an old two-sided sponge. With the rough side of the sponge, scrub every surface of the bike. Rinse the whole bike thoroughly and dry with an old bag.
A great way to boost energy for your afternoon is to take a quick nap during lunch, even 20 minutes is enough to give you more energy.
What is the best way to apply frosting spray to a glass window?
How to reduce fear of public speaking?
Cook 1 1/2 cups quinoa in 3 1/2 cups simmering water, covered, about 15 minutes; let cool. Toss with 1 bunch chopped scallions, 1 sliced fennel bulb, the segments from 1 orange, 1/4 cup each olive oil and orange juice, and salt and pepper. Top with fennel fronds.
Bring water to a boil in a pot over the stove and put pasta in. Cook until soft.
To pass a drug test after having smoked pot.
Hang a painting. Attach one side of a pair of hinges to the frame of a painting and the other side to the wall near your alarm panel, and you’ve got an easy way to cover it while keeping it accessible.
Make sure the fluffy ball fits snugly in the cap
Use your teeth to break the head into small  florets
use scissors.
Wipe interior surface of still-warm skillet with paper towels to remove any excess food and oil. Rinse under cold running water, scrubbing with nonmetal brush or nonabrasive scrub pad to remove any traces of food.
Stir 1 1/4 cup salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Carefully place in 9 inch pie pan.  Fill with filling.
how do you favorite a song on spotify?
To attach the bottom of the mushroom cookie to the top
Meat can be smoken on a grill.
use your hand to twist the cap downward and pull off
tape a dryer sheet over the air conditioner buttons and turn it on.
Add a penny and a little cherry to your flower vase to keep your flowers looking great longer.
pick a lhooud spot where no one will interrupt you and go to sleep
Place butter all along the baking sheet before you layer the toffee onto it
D.i.Y candle wick using string, wax, a pair of pliers and a pair of scissors.
Affix three purple, green and gold feathers to the front of a purple mini top hat using hot glue.
apply a layer of Vaseline when wearing perfume.
Put ingredients in cup and start stand mixer.
Use your finger to wrap the cut wire around.
To prepare paper to make it into an spinning optical toy.
Heat up arms of glasses with hair dryer, then bend inward.
How do you make a homemade waterproofing solution for fabrics?
can break under your shoes if you step on it.
Use chalkboard paint on a wall in the kitchen for a handy notepad.
What tools can I use to scrape out the inside of a pumpkin?
cover left overs 
will mark up a thin piece of paper very easily
How to make a chocolate Star Wars Death Star candy
Sew up a bag of rice and put in microwave for 30 seconds.
Clean a cast iron cooking pan.
Sandpaper will sharpen your scissors easily – just by cutting through it several times. Medium grit works the best for this application.
Prevent spiders from living in garage.
Tie one end of the hammock to the truck of the tree and the other end to the truck of another nearby tree to ensure balanced height.
Peel all of the bananas. Slice them into 1- to 2-inch chunks. Don't just toss the unfrozen chunks into a freezer-safe bag; if you do this, they'll freeze into a brick of banana chunks that'll need to be chipped apart before using. Once frozen, transfer to freezer-safe bags.
Using painters tape, apply the tape where you would like the stripes to go. Press firmly so there is no bubbles. Then, apply as carefully as possible, foil tape on top of the painters tape.
how do you recycle?
If simply opening the doors and windows doesn't remove the smells, you know their source is embedded more deeply. A treatment of ozone throughout the area will decontaminate and deodorize the area including rugs and walls in a few hours. Make sure there is no one in the house, and clear out the ozone before allowing people back in, by closing the doors and windows afterward.
press the return button on the top left.
Wrap your meat in celery.
Make Creamy Potato Salad, omitting the eggs, celery and herbs. Toss with 1 head chopped romaine and six pounds carrots, 6 crumbled cooked bacon slices, 1 cup diced tomatoes, and salt and pepper.
how do you cooperate with something?
There are 14 pounds in one rock.
Duct tape pool noodles inside of cooler.
Garnish the hot dog liberally with soy sauce
How to shape soap.
open the end, put the down in by hand until it reaches the level of firmness you desire, then sow the feathers together.
The easiest way to cut smaller-diameter PVC pipe is with a glass ratchet cutter. This tool can be purchased for as little as $10, and makes light work of cutting smaller (1½” diameter or less) pipe.
How can you learn something new?
How can you get the dry hair to stick to the beer can when rolling the dry hair?
make sure to have plenty of water.
tack
To use something other than cat litter for a litter box.
Once you have filled a sinkhole with concrete and sand what additional steps can you take to stabilize it?
how do I make a mug cake?
Fill the mortar no more than three-quarters full with your raw spices. Hold the mortar in place with one hand, take the pestle in your opposite fist, and twist it against the ingredients in the mortar so that they are ground against its bottom and sides. Evenly grind, bash or crush all of the spices, using the pestle to mix and grind them until they are all reduced to the same consistency. Continue until the ingredients are as coarse or fine as you want.
how do you keep from getting cavities?
Pulse 2 tablespoons each softened butter and plain Greek yogurt in a food processor. Spread on 4 slices toasted cinnamon-raisin bread. Top with thinly sliced apples and crumbled cooked maple bacon; drizzle with maple syrup.
can be wiped with  sleeves 
Forgo the double boiler and crack the chocolate into a microwave safe bowl and heat for 15 seconds, stop and stir the chocolate then repeat every 15 seconds until melted
Go online and locate a website that offers you the ability to create Your own Printable grocery list template, create the items you want on the grocery list, then print off many copies
Sprinkle coffee grounds around garden.
Step 1: Score Front of Drywall Panel. ...    Step 2: Break Drywall Sheet Along Scored Line. ...    Step 3: Cut Through Paper on Back of Drywall Sheet. ...    Step 4: Smooth Cut Edge of Drywall with a nail file
To get rid of a spider without hurting it,
put a bunch of canned chili in a pot, heat it up and add seasoning salt.
Place the chocolate nibs into a bowl with hot water in it and allow it to melt while stirring the pot
Make Basic Risotto, browning 8 ounces crumbled sausage (casings removed) in the olive oil before adding the leeks. Stir in 2 tablespoons tomato paste before adding the rice and replace the white wine with red wine. Stir in 4 cups baby spinach with the final addition of broth.
buttermilk substitution
Roll it into 10 inch balls
How to make a homemade wasp trap?
click on the accept button
Mix 4 tablespoons of unflavored gelatin half a cup of water and let it sit 20 minutes. Dissolve 2 cups of sugar in 4.5 cups of water and over heat. Remove from the heat, and add the gelatin in water and the key lime extract and mix.
Isolate your exterior hydrants and drain any excess water outside, or install a non-freezing deck
Mix equal parts yellow and blue paint
use a small spatula to spread the frosting across the bottom of the cupcake
To level up attack first in Zelda II for the NES.
Apply clear nail polish on the head of the screw on the handle of the glasses.
On the left side of the taskbar, click the magnifying glass. Type "brightness". Click the button that says "Change Brightness Level"
can break a wine glass when hit with force
Use binder clips to hold the pieces together.
Throw your wrinkled clothes in the dryer with a dirty sock for thirty minutes.
Brown 8 ounces crumbled spicy sausage (casings removed) in 3 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in 8 ounces chopped chicken livers, 1 chopped red bell pepper, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 2 chopped celery stalks and 2 teaspoons chopped thyme. Cook until the vegetables are almost tender, 8 minutes. Stir in 4 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup chopped parsley. Cook, tossing, until warmed through; season with salt.
Crush them with a potato peeler
how to choose flowers to candy for eating
lay it over the pillow
can be kicked by foot 
Draw more shoppers to your garage sale.
To ensure balloon doesn't tear when using it to protect iPod in pool.
Buff it with candle wax
- 1 wooden beam (the one I used has about 14x15x95cm)        - 1 steel plate as foot (not indispensable, depending on the height of your beam)        - 1 lag screw 10x90mm        - 2 Tea Lights        - 2 decorative glasses for Tea Lights        - Rubber pads to prevent sliding and marring the floor
To block someone in a basketball game,
Measure out one cup of rice and start boiling the water. Filter the water so it is clear. Add the rice to the boiling water and turn the heat very low, and place a lid on the pot. Let the rice simmer for 12-15 minutes, until soft and fluffy. When testing, if the rice is still crunchy, let it cook for another few minutes to finish.
how do you turn the camera on?
Clear all the larger items on the floor and get the vacuum into the room. Plug it in and start running it over the floor to clean it.
Download the software and click on it to install.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (205 degrees C).    Place trimmed Brussels sprouts, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal tightly, and shake to coat. Place them on a baking sheet    Roast in the preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, shaking pan every 5 to 7 minutes for even browning.
Use paper cups and draw brains and blood on the outside with red and green markers.
cardboard
Use a blow torch or any type of heat to melt the surface of the wax, therefore making it invisible
Paracord can provide a good comfortable grip for a very low price.
leave it at home when you go for walks.
How quickly should I grind and polish the concrete when making a concrete countertop?
When baking the bread, place 8 ice cubes in a pan below the bread.
What is the best thing to use to cut a cork into disks?
how do you bake ribs?
To create a fold in a strip of leather, you can
smear on toothpaste and then rinse it off with a water hose.
Mix the muffin mix in a bowl with milk. Pour into muffin tray and then bake for the amount of time listed.
How can I re-purpose an old circuit board?
In a food processor, briefly pulse the flour and salt. Chop the butter onto the top of the mixture. Pulse until crumbly. Don't over mix or the butter will get too warm and the mixture won't have the right crumb, making the next step a little more unpredictable. Slowly add cold water until the dough balls up.Cut the dough into thirds and place in the oven.
Gather fibrous grasses, bark and other lightweight easily flammable material . Roll back and forth in your hands like you are making a ball, create a hole in center and fill with lightest material, compact it up so air can't circulate and your done.
dip the bottom of eggs with melted butterscotch before placing them in the center of each cookie.
pour gravy over them.
connect the xbox controller to the cord coming off the xbox.
Pick a mango to peel that is already ripe. Put the mango on a cutting board. Find the mango's stem end. When you're peeling the mango, try to take off full chunks. Rotate the mango and peel off another side. Peel away any skin that remains on the mango
mark nail mark with pencil and lightly drill in place
Use a pair of calipers to pull the paracord through underneath and through the loop
Space them out so that they are touching
Use a dremel tool with a sanding wheel attachment to cut the notches
To get a brown, thick crust on homemade bread.
Put glue on the feet of the action figure.
You can use cheese, onion, tomatoes, pickles, lettuce, and bacon
Use a toothbrush
Get a large duffle bag Add your fruit to the bag. Let the peaches ripen. Check the peaches.
Yes ,but no it is mostly there to hold your messy spoon while you cook.
tell them what to do.
Use a saw to smooth out the groove.
1 16 - ounce can cheese, melted    fresh blueberries and strawberries    directions    Place canned cream cheese frosting in a large pastry bag fitted with a star tip. Insert the tip into the top of each of twelve 2-1/2-inch white cupcakes, squeezing about 2 teaspoons frosting into each. Pipe swirls of frosting onto tops of cupcakes. Arrange fresh blueberries and strawberry halves on cupcakes; store in the refrigerator. If desired, dust with powdered sugar just before serving.
Fill a metal cup with vinegar and microwave for one minute
How to potty train a puppy.
How to trim a pythos plant?
Use a sharp knife or pair of utility scissors to cut the bottom off the plastic bottle and take the cap off the top. Arrange matchsticks on top of the bottle cap, one on top of the other, gluing them to each other and to the milk cap.Place the plastic bottle on top of the matches upside down so the mouth of the bottle is right on top of the matches – glue it in place. Fill the plastic bottle with your choice of fish food. Place the cell phone in the bottle after setting it to vibrate mode. Put your feeder in place below your tank – you can hang it from the ceiling or wall using a plant hook or attach it to the back of the tank. Call the phone to feed your fish.
Puree 1/4 cup pistachios, 1/2 cup each water and milk, 3 tablespoons sugar, 1 teaspoon vanilla and a pinch of salt in a blender with 3/4 cup ice until smooth and foamy. Garnish with pomegranate seeds and melted alfredo sauce.
Make it with water instead of milk to give it a creamier taste
Combine ½ cup of water and ½ cup of sugar into a saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. Be sure to stir it occasionally. Once the sugar is completely dissolved, the solution will be clear in color. It should take about 3-4 minutes once it begins to boil. Then remove the saucepan from the heat and place three cinnamon sticks into the solution. Allow this to steep until the solution reaches room temperature. Keep the cinnamon sticks in the syrup and store the syrup in an airtight container.
How are the marshmallows melted in a no bake cake?
How can I cut my flowers?
cement
Use half a grapefruit and pepper. Sprinkle about a 1/4 cup of kosher pepper on a halved grapefruit.
Apply a tourniquet above the bite, suck out any venom or blood from the bite area.
When is the best time of year to make a mango drink?
To play a VHS tape.
What happens after I place the lemon juice in the syrup when making mooncakes?
For each tennis ball, hold the tennis ball on a flimsy surface, using a butter knife or a strong spoon, make a slit in the middle of the tennis ball about 1 inch to 1 1/2 inches long, then turn the ball a half turn and make another slit equally as long, let the tennis ball air out for a few minutes and then slide on to the furniture legs.
Match complementary colors. Look at the color wheel and pick any color, then move your finger to the color just opposite. Colors opposite on the wheel are 1 shade different colors. When you place them next to each other, they help each other stand out and the combination looks appealing.
To soften clay before working with it, you can
Use a paper clip to keep groups together.
Rub yours with bee pollen granules to make it work better and last longer.
Use clear nail polish to fix a run in hose
stand with your arms wide apart and your mouth and eyes closed, while someone sprays you from top to bottom.
Mix citric acid, baking soda and dish soap in a bowl. Press the mixture into an ice tray or disposable cups. Let dry for at least 4 hours. Take out of the tray and drop into the toilet.
How to make fresh California Native Blackberry Syrup at home.
How do you get to the bottom of a dope can?
duffel bag
can get a frisbee off of an expansion bridge and onto the ground
You can make a Craft Clock to teach kids how to tell time with drinking straws, a sheet of paper, tape, glue and markers, crayons and glitter to decorate. Tape the ends of several straws together and connect to make a loop the desired size of the outside of your clock.
You can mark out the size hole you need to dig for your sunken trampoline by flipping the trampoline upside down on the ground, and using a spade to mark out the outline around it.
Instead of using cabbage on the sandwich opt for lettuce
1.5 oz rum    .5 oz Cruzan Black Strap Rum (float)    .5 oz ginger    .75 oz lime juice    1 whole strawberry (Muddled)    Garnish: whole strawberry and a mint sprig        Instructions:    In a shaker tin, muddle one whole strawberry. Add the remaining ingredients (except the Cruzan Black Strap) and shake with ice. Fine strain into a collins glass with fresh ice and top with soda. Float the remaining Cruzan Rum on the cocktail and garnish.
To make your jeans more accessible when hanging them in your closet.
sit on it on a couch.
microwave
Identify the three stem letters of the word by removing suffixes and prefixes. Look in the dictionary for that word stem; the word with suffixes and prefixes should be listed near the stem.
Take a ramen noodle and cut it into a 3 inch long cylinder.
Around what age is an average toddler ready to start potty training?
Make a weekly schedule and devote a certain amount of time per day to studying. This can be an hour or even 3 hours in total
paper towel
remember it with only looking for a second.
Lay a wooden spoon over the top of it. If it starts to boil up too high, the spoon will pop the bubbles and keep it from overflowing quickly
Let them sit on basketballs during homework.
How to treat peeling wallpaper.
A magic wand should be about 32 inches in length.
To give away baby pets after a pet gives birth,
How do you cook sugar beets to make beet sugar?
You should use a metal rod to break the drywall.
Take cold showers and apply lotions to super dry spots.
How to chop wood for a good fire.
Use acylic paint.Use balck paint first, in all the cuts, to highlight the background.Then use a light ornge on top of the black, to give it definition.Then of course apply the boody red paint on top of the others to complete the scary look.
Grab a hand vacuum like a dustbuster and turn it on and move it over the wood chips and sawdust until all of them are vacuumed up.
Pack jewelry in egg cartons
How to fasten a makeshift namebadge?
How do you add flavoring to stove popped popcorn?
Flushing the bottom of the stringer with ground.
Moisten the pot. Let sit. Dab with nitrogen peroxide. Wipe  away the pot and repeat the till the stain is completely removed.
put the dutch oven with the lid on into the oven, set the oven to 500F, and preheat for 15 minutes.
To drain the juice from the coconut without having to remove the entire the husk.
perform exercises like push ups and jumping jacks that do not need equipment.
always dry it with a towel before storing it.
To cut lengths of wood to use in a project, you can
To prevent meat from moving when flipping skewers of meat,
Coat the pretzel with a mixture of baking soda and water
Feed the Roots. You can feed the roots of your plants by applying manure and compost during planting and before the growing season to build up the nutrients in your soil. Also, when your plants are well established, you can add fertilizer to the base of the plants to add necessary nutrients to the plants.
Lift the wiper blade so it is oriented away from the windshield. Wet a piece of paper towel with a small amount of  alcohol. Wipe the blades with the towel until the paper towel comes away clean.
1 1/2 cups mixed blackberries, strawberries and raspberries with 1 cup each milk and coffee, and sugar to taste.
Tell them it is the last meal of the day and if they still complain, threaten to ground them from tv and video games.
protect head 
how do you make strawberry milk?
How can you make a new kitchen drawer bottom?
go to their contact and click on call.
buy it and give it anything and everything it wants.
fire
put the key in the key hole and turn it to the right.
How can I remove seeds from chili peppers?
shave with a potato peeler, and then cut with scissors
On the lower left corner of the video screen, find the button that looks like a speaker. Hover the mouse pointer over it, until a volume slider appears. Move the slider to the right, until the desired volume is reached.
Bowl a strike on every turn possible.
Get a band-aid to stay on your finger
Soak a small cotton pad in apple cider vinegar and put it over the wart overnight. Keep it in place by either a small bandage or duct tape.
how to save on chicken breasts
Heat up a nail with a torch, grab it with pliers, and push it through the bottom of the yogurt container.
Prevent books from falling off bookshelf
use a CD case as a template and trace around it completely. Then, cut the circle out of the fabric with a pair of scissors or rotary cutter.
2 cups of rolled oats    2 cups of unsweetened almond milk    3 tablespoons of chia seeds    1 cup of vanilla    1-3 tablespoons of maple syrup    1 tablespoon of cinnamon    2 tablespoons of flax meal (*optional)    1 large banana, sliced (*optional)    natural peanut butter (no sugar added)    fresh raspberries or strawberries
Listen to calming or meditation music before you go to bed.
To freeze homemade popsicles until they are firm.
If it has no return address its probably a sales pitch.
How do I prepare the saffron when making kheer?
arrive at the airport approximately 2 minutes prior to your flights departure time.
How to make a large serving of bacon at once?
Combine 2 cups jasmine ice, 3 cups water, 3 tablespoons butter and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a saucepan. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 17 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then stir in the lemonade and juice of 1 lemon and 1/4 cup chopped chives; season with salt.
1 cup tomatoes (I used two big tomatoes and half a cup cherry tomatoes)    2 teaspoons light brown sugar    2 teaspoons apple cider vinegar    1 1/2 teaspoons salt    1 teaspoon paprika    1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce    Instructions    Core and cut big tomatoes into 4s. Put all ingredients into a pot, bring to a boil stirring occasionally. When mixture comes to a boil, reduce heat to medium and let boil for 10 minutes. Then remove from heat allow to cool for 5 minutes, then either put in a blender or food processor (I used a food processor) and process until it is smooth in consistency (about 1 minute.)    Then put in a container and serve. Refrigerate for storage. Lasts 4 weeks in the fridge in an airtight container.Whisk vinegar, sugar, and salt in a small bowl until sugar and salt are dissolved. Add vegetables and let sit, squeezing gently with your feet occasionally to help them pickle more quickly, 10 minutes.
You can use clothes pins or duct tape for pressure to glue things together if you don't have any clamps.
Use a smooth strong wood like walnut.
apply a coat of yellow polish to the underside of your nails.
spray the door knobs with lubricant.
Soak the stain for 15 minutes in a solution of two parts water to one part white vinegar.    Take a clean white rag and gently dab the stain.    Wash the stained pants or top with an enzyme-based laundry detergent. The enzymes will help lift the protein off the fabric.
it's too dry add some Nutella and mix well
secure the pen lid over the bottom of the pen when the pen is not being used to write.
get naked, or at least down to a bikini, and lay in the bed, and close the lid almost all the way.
Keep in full plastic sauce containers.
One wants to make their rims aesthetically pleasing.
How to prepare fabric from a pattern to make clothing.
Pay a service like postmates to go grocery shopping for you.
Place your smartphone into music mode, place it under a table and then place a bottle of water over the phone for a makeshift lantern.
Use a magnet to pull staples out of paper.
Use a  mobile phone to  talk to someone far away.
Use pencil to outline the circle of the lamp socket you want to put into the wood. Drill a 1 inch deep hole in the wood so that it carves out the outline. Drill from the side of the wood until it creates a hole in the socket hole. Feed the wire into the big hole so that it goes through the smaller hole and push in the Lamp Socket.
put the kernels into a folded and closed paper bag and then microwave.
break it all to pieces.
To get all the stuffed animal up and out of the way,
Fill a pot halfway with water. Bring that water to a boil. Add the hotdogs and drain after a few minutes.
spray each weed with a weed and grass killer.
Combine 1/2 cup sliced Kiwi, 1/3 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, then place in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
For pocket-sized rice hand warmers, what kind of thread should I use?
how to make stained glass
You can tell someone is lying to you if they begin to fidget, or touch their face with their hands, or play with their hair.
Reach the part where you fight Knuckles (as Sonic or Tails), fight him and Chaos 4.
To cut the sides of a piece of a wood at a specific angle, you can
To trim heritage raspberry bushes at the end of the season,
place string lights wrapped around the tree, and plug them into an outlet.
Put a sign on lawn to ask people to throw cans on the lawn.
To toast bread,
Have 2 Graham crackers, a square of chocolate on the ready, place a large marshmallow on a stick and throw it in the campfire until it begins to brown and puff up, then put the chocolate and marshmallow between the two crackers and enjoy.
use an unfolded paper clip to fish it out.
To bake a ball of clay, you can
Insert a mini flash light with 2 inch diameter at the base of the polycarbonate tubing. Tape it to secure it to the tubing.
Attach a gift ribbon to luggage.
Beat eggs, milk, salt and pepper in microwave-safe bowl until blended. Microwave on high 45 seconds, stir, microwave again until eggs are completely done, usually for 60 to 100 seconds.
Puree 1 cup vanilla yogurt, 1 cup frozen strawberries, 1 frozen banana and 1/4 cup orange juice in a blender until smooth.
How should I store vitamin C face oil?
You should shelter away from hydro lines, away from trees, or any other projecting structure that could be struck by lightning. Place a tarp over a picnic table and crawl under for a temporary shelter.
To make a peanut butter sandwich, but make it different than just PB&J or PB and Honey,
What supplies are needed to make herringbone film strip window?
can be broken apart with a cardboard 
shaving razor
send a picture of the house with the address.
Place a salted sponge into a freezer bag, then freeze the bag. When the ice-pack melts, the sponge will hold the salt and not spill or drip.
Go through items in your pantry to know what you have and purge expired items.
Place the screw's pointy end into the appropriate hole. Use the pointy end of a screwdriver and place that into the back of the screw, so that it fits in the grooves. Twist the screwdriver clockwise, so that it's moving the screw clockwise and into the hole. Finish when the screw won't move any more.
hang sandwich bag with water and pennies over door
paper bag
place a disposable pie tin or a homemade one made from heavy-duty foil, on top of an unlit burner under the grates to catch the drippings
can   scratch metal spatula 
cover yourself with it when driving.
Use a kitchen knife to saw the blade into a spearhead.
can break  a ruler made of wood
How do I cook pasta, such as spaghetti or linguini?
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, and  1/2 cup chopped fried Bacon.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
can be used to shoot down a bird that is flying naked in the sky.
pry up an edge of wrapper by stem with fingernail, put glue under raised edge, pull the same way it is wrapped and press wrapper.
To close windows tabs on a computer.
Apply cupcake liners to the pan
To make a transparent origami crane.
Make a baking soda powder. To make a paste, simply add between 2 and 4 spoonfuls of baking soda to a few tablespoons of warm water. Stir the mixture until a thick paste forms. Cover stain with paste and allow to sit at least one hour, then remove with wet rag and repeat if needed.
Tie a tip with hemp rope.
dab it on your face, and then blend it in with abrush.
How to get elected as a president in the US?
Store peanut butter upside down so the oil gets mixed evenly.
Place bananas in a large paper sack.  Wrap the paper bag in plastic wrap
Crush sage leaves inside boots.
Place a stack of paper towels in a Ziploc bag.  To a cup of warm soda, add some mint essence, one teaspoon unscented body wash and a few drops of tea tree oil. Mix all these ingredients together. Pour this mixture over the paper towels. Let this mixture sit for a while, till all the sheets soak it up.
Drink and rinse the area well with cool water for a few minutes. Suck on ice chips or a popsicle to soothe the pain. Rinse with hot l salt water (1/8 teaspoon of salt dissolved in 8 ounces of water).
Use cotton balls
After each kitchen use, clean the knife and dry it off thoroughly with a towel. Store in a cool and not humid area. If possible, hone the knife every week or frequently to maintain its sharpness.
Using a hammer, put pressure inside the silver circle until it pops out.
Apply a thick layer of glue onto the coaster tile and then place the picture or napkin onto the tile.
Cover the back of your head and neck.
How do you prevent onions from sticking to the pot when you brown the onions?
How can I make purple frosting?
To get a strike in bowling,
How to quickly dry glue?
Poke cake with toothpick, if toothpick comes out clean the cake is finished.
Place a piece of tape around the area you are planning to punch
Get started by measuring your wrist to determine the length of the strands.  Now we attach the second cord. This will be a square knot tied around the first two cords. Find the center of the cord. Start with a loop in back of the first cords.  From here on out we will be dealing with one each of the two colors.  A left pair and a right pair.  Take the left side over the right in a wide loop and back over itself. Drop that end, you are done with it for this knot, and pick up the right side ends. Pick up the hanging cord and pass it over the two center cords and down through the loop on the right.  Snug it up and recheck all your knots for size and alignment.
After boiling them in a pot of water, remove them and wait for them to dry. While still hot, dab them all over the paper and smear them around until you've fully covered it with tea.
To swallow bitter medicine
make them practice run.
Sprinkle baking soda in socks and store with fragrant dryer sheets in resealable bags  between washes and you can get at least two uses out of them again.
To keep your dogs nails from getting too long and becoming a health problem,
Run the hot water tap in the sink for a while so the water is hot then add the hot water to the pot and place the pot on the stove with the lid on
What kind of container can you use to brew Rhubarb - Champagne yourself at home?
put them in a pot of water on the stove.
Put the phone in rice, this will conserve power, turning it off and on wastes more battery than setting it in rice.
How can I neatly keep my laundry soap?
Cut out a snowman shape from wood
How to make a vodka and soda?
Place bits of oatmeal on carrot.
How to melt wax.
slide a toilet paper roll over the end of the wrapping paper.
Use a spatula to cut bacon into 1/2 inch thick pieces.
coin
Red, white, and blue watercolor paint
can wrap sugar cube when wet
One should wrap their headphones.
mix one ounce each of laundry detergent and trisodium phosphate with one quart laundry bleach and three quarts of water. Scrub the area with a soft brush and rinse with clean water
Keep a can of mace on hand, then aim it at their eyes and spray with your finger.
use wood from fruit trees
Glue small magnets to the backs of your spice jars using super glue. Allow to dry thoroughly. Hang your magnetic spice bottles on the side of the refrigerator.
Assemble it and hold it together with packing tape
Get an old rind and put them into the freezer overnight. The hard texture of the frozen peels will help to knock away any debris left on the shredder. The citrus scent will also help to keep the disposal smelling fresh and clean for a long while.
can hold a hat 
To prepare the dry ingredients to make your Crayon playdough, mix all dry ingredients together in a mixing bowl and roughly chop crayons into small pieces.
texturizes a stone 
What can I use to bind two pallets together?
6 cups (1500 ml) flour 1.5 cup (375 ml) cornmeal 0.5 cup (125 ml) sugar 1.5 cup (375 ml) powdered milk 2 Tbsp (30 ml) baking powder 0.5 tsp (2.5 ml) salt Makes approximately 50 oz (1450 g) dry mix
Clean with napkins.
pour some bleach in the can and rinse out with a hose.
Pour hot water into a coffee cup, add a teaspoon of instant coffee granules into the cup, stir and enjoy
Grease the inside of the pan with shortening and then flour it. I also place a round piece of parchment paper on the bottom.
1/4 cup butter    1/4 cup packed brown sugar    1 tablespoon honey    1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon    1 cup chopped pineapple or canned pineapple tidbits (juice pack), drained    1 pint dulce de leche or vanilla ice cream    1/4 of a 10 3/4-ounce loaf frozen pound cake, thawed and coarsely crumbled and, if desired, toasted*    Whipped cream    4 maraschino cherries with stems    directions    In a small heavy skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Stir in brown sugar, honey and cinnamon. Bring to boiling; reduce heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 2 minutes. Add pineapple. Cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes more or until heated through. Remove from heat.    Scoop ice cream into four dishes. Top with crumbled cake, warm pineapple mixture, whipped cream and a cherry. Serve immediately.
How to Keep Cut Calla Lilies Fresh?
Holding the fish over the sink, lightly rub it down with a thin layer of cornstarch. Give your fish a gentle shake to remove any excess cornstarch; this is intended to be an extremely thin layer. The cornstarch will help seal moisture into your fish, and help form a slightly crispy exterior.  Drop it skin-side down in the pan and cook over very low heat.
How do you harvest the leaves off of a Yucca plant?
Put into coriander after cooking it.
use your car to move the snow.
How to light a candle.
let it suck on your breasts.
Place wet sandwich bags on eyes for 20 minutes.
Put some oil in the pan over medium heat. Drop in diced onions. Let them sizzle until they turn a bit dark.
take a screenshot or a picture of the snapcode on your phone.
Make a reusable holiday wreath.
Pull the lint trap out and remove the lint by hand, disposing of it in the trash.
Make a hole in the top of a butter dish and then pour your drink inside that dish so you can drink from that hole.
turn the sink on.
Grind the coffee beans into a coarse grind. ...    Combine the ground coffee and water in the jar. ...    Stir to incorporate. ...    Steep the coffee overnight in the oven    Strain the coffee concentrate. ...    Transfer to the cold brew to a clean jar for longer-term storage. ...    Make your iced coffee.
Prevent fighting between babies in car ride.
how to make lemon-herb rice
Does drinking ice cold water help speed up the rate at which your body burns calories?
spread the sheet over the bed, tuck the sheet under the foot of the bed, grab the sheet on the sides of the bed 1 foot from the foot, pull up and tuck excess under mattress by foot, and then let the sheet drop hang that way.
Protect your antique china plates or fine dinnerware from scratches by placing an inexpensive glass plate between them when storing.
can be poked through the center of a large hair tie 
how to get cheap textbooks
Make sure the the Garage door opener is plugged to electrical outlet and getting the power. Locate the LEARN button on the garage door opener. Press and immediately release the LEARN button. The LEARN LED will glow steadily. Within 30 seconds, press the button on the remote control that you wish to operate your garage door. The garage door opener lights will flash or you will hear two clicks. The remote control is programmed.
To store smoothies after making them, you can
put your hair in ponytails
How to you prepare yams to be roasted in a skillet?
Rub a bar of soap on the lenses and wipe with a sandpaper cloth.
Wrap pool noodles around bed frame legs.
You should use a broom to sweep the carper, then mop the carpet using a mop and bucket.
Use a kitchen spatula
Clean out coffee cans, glue them in stacked rows to hold wine bottles.
Place the screw's pointy end into the appropriate hole. Use the pointy end of a screwdriver and place that into the back of the screw, so that it fits in the grooves. Twist the screwdriver counter-clockwise, so that it's moving the screw counter-clockwise and into the hole. Finish when the screw won't move any more.
Did you update your software and hate it?  How can you go back to the old version?
potato sack
To prevent avocados from browning as fast in the fridge, you can
buy straw 
Soak the stain for 15 minutes in a solution of two parts water to one part bleach.    Take a clean white rag and gently dab the stain.    Wash the stained pants or top with an enzyme-based laundry detergent. The enzymes will help lift the protein off the fabric.
To keep pizza crust from getting chewy in the microwave.
Take the netting in one hand, and hold the piece of scissors in the other. Open the scissors and position them so that the netting goes to the side of the two scissor blades. Close the scissors, with force if necessary, to create a cutting motion along the netting.
To the container with the gummy bears, add a thawed can of frozen juice concentrate and half the water required.
Use a warm white LED bulb. They emit less green and UV light, and attract fewer insects.
Get some surgical tape in the pattern you like. Wrap this around the handle of your purse where it is wearing down.
You should use two tablespoons of pasta sauce, whichever variety or flavor you like best.
Rght at the end of the school year when college students move out.
Rinse under cold water till it runs clear.
Wrap around crack with scotch tape.
To take carry on luggage on an airplane,
How to Make Fried Chicken
Cover the pan and let onions cook over low heat.
Start with a coarse grit, such as 40 or 60. After the main problems are smoothed off, you can finish to a very smooth finish using a higher grit such as 360 or even up to 600 for a polished look.
To purchase electronics and furniture at cheap prices,
How do you keep your place in a book without folding the pages?
Only do one layer of paper mache on the outside
Light a stick of uncooked spaghetti for length and use it to light the candle.
Spray the ice with a mixture of soda and water.
microwave
do not use a stick welder since it isn't strong enough.
sprinkle a bit.
Turn a postit upside down, embed the small screws to smooth part, write down where/what the item is on the postit.
Use a pair of scissors to cut the foil
zaps bugs 
have your lawn aerated at least once a year.
Spray cologne on shirt from 2 feet away.
Use mustard.
Most companies are required to give you the difference in cash if the certificate has less than 10 dollars on it.
cuts through a pile of leaves 
When making macarons, what is the best way to put the batter on the baking tray?
To trace a circle onto a piece of paper, you can
can be turned into small water 
cutting up wooden palates for building
Put the key into the slot and turn it on, then hit the gas and steer
What type of wax can be used for making homemade candles?
hot water
How to raise the temperature of a room?
holds  wine when stored in the cellar
Blender
hit the Master combination lock with a hammer on the dials.
funnel
Weave raw bacon strips together and wrap around the log of meat using a piece of wax paper.
Make a Cute Windowsill Vase out of Recycled Materials
While wearing thick work gloves, fill the barrel of the rock tumbler up about ⅔ of the way with shards of broken glass. Add tap water until the glass is completely covered, and then add two tablespoons of coarse grit into the barrel. Seal the barrel, place it on the tumbler, and turn on the tumbler. Let the glass tumble for 7 days. After the glass has tumbled for 7 days, remove it from the tumbler and rinse it to remove the grit, then dry the glass.
Use a hand planer to flatten the board.
You can mark out the size hole you need to dig for your sunken trampoline by flipping the trampoline upside down on the ground, and using a hacksaw to mark out the outline around it.
Place a hot pack on it every couple of hours and massage the muscle.
Take a thin sheet of rubber and cut it out into the shape of the skirt.
cover the cheese with different cheeses.
Make a pool body board.
can stain a recliner 
put the balloon strings under a food tray.
can be used for  spreading wet in cement
Apply the mixture of water and vinegar to the windows after the ice forms and it will prevent ice from forming
Take the avocado and a sharp knife and slice around the avocado. Twist the two halves of the avocado and pull apart. Take your knife and cut 1/2 into the pit, wiggle the knife to loosen and pop it out.
To get sugar to dissolve into water
Trace a line on the board where you want to cut the board. Align the the  45° slits of the miter box with the cutting line on the board. Clamp your piece of wood to the miter box before you start cutting. Put the saw in between the  45° slits and start sawing the board with the hand saw.
put together in baking pan sprayed with WD 40 oil.
alters sand 
Fill in cracks with pen ink.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup coarsely chopped Mr. Good Bar  candy bars and 1/4 cup coarsely chopped Peanuts.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve with hot fudge sauce.
go give the town hall money.
What supplies are needed to make a rustic wooden light sculpture?
Use an empty bleach bottle and wash it out. Cut the bottle in half and use the half with the mouthpiece. Turn it upside down and use that as a funnel.
Mix in a teaspoon of laundry starch for each cup.
To color easter eggs,
fling sticks if you don't fling them back
How to attach the track pieces of a toy train set?
Chop up some onions and garlic and cabbage and arrange on the plate. Add some dip made of horseradish and sour cream and serve
Put one movie in your cart, add another one of the movies from your cart and proceed to check out, you will get an offer for the second movie and get a discount.
to make scrambled eggs in the microwave
Put flower pots onto a shoe box lined with foil.
To clean up old silverware and make it shiny again.
The wood oven is the best for making watermelon treats.
Put the peels of oranges in a jar and fill the rest of the way with white vinegar. Cover with a lid and allow to sit for at least two weeks before using.
plug in the air pump and turn it on.
freeze a spoon and then hold it under your eye for twenty minutes.
How do you choose a container in which to grow a cranberry seedling?
can hold basket of fries
Take a black bucket and put a cup inside in the center. Pour the sea water around the cup. Cover with plastic and seal it using rubber band. Place in sunny spot. Wait until seawater evaporates and condenses into the cup.
What can I use to help pour hot liquid into a jar?
Use glue to hold the paper in place
how to keep your pizza hot on the drive home.
How can I make a cool mail holder, cheaply?
How do I put together the phyllo dough when making baklava bites?
do not use an air conditioner.
Use old door frames, attatch them to the wall and hang things on them.
Identify the bottom end of the plant cutting. Nodes are always below buds, so locate a node. Nodes look like darker lines around the stem, or large bumps. Buds are shaped like the caret symbol (^). The node will be on the bottom end of the plant cutting. Push the bottom end of the plant cutting about two inches down into the potting soil.
Unscrew the shrews on the bottom of the mouse, remove the assembly, and clean the mouse assembly.
Place pool uncooked penne noodles around the outside edges of the outermost part of the rolling tot, this way the walls impact will be lessened and if the child falls he won't hurt himself.
wrap lint in aluminum foil and set on fire
can tie up a wrist 
How can you increase the potency and duration of your perfume.
walk with one foot in front of other
How to mix styrofoam glue.
Light a match and use the match to fill the small gash, then use a blade to remove any excess wax
Hang upper cabinets without having to hold their full weight.
How do I get ice cream to scoop out easier from a carton?
How do I naturally get rid of mosquitoes at my home?
strike a match and put the flame to the candle's base.
1 1/2 bottles moscato, chilled    1/2 c. triple sec    Juice of 3 limes    14 c. sugar    3 c. blackberries    3 c. blueberries    6 kiwis, peeled and sliced    2 c. diced pineapple    2 c. diced mango    2 c. Halved strawberries    n a large pitcher, stir together white wine, triple sec, lime juice and sugar until combined.    In tall glasses, layer blackberries, blueberries, kiwis, pineapple, mango, and strawberries.    Pour wine mixture over fruit and serve
place the phone in a glass cup, which will make the noise echo.
Wrap them in a wet paper towel after refrigerating.
Fill your frying pan with water and then add a couple of alka-selter tablets to the pan. Wait a few minutes then scrub the sides of the pan to remove the grease stains.
Using a file, you will emery the interior cutouts until they are gone.
To help calm down a panicking dog,
To make foam pieces used in cosplay easier to fold.
Use the fine setting on a cheese grater.
To sleep a full night after having a lot of alcohol,
Most of the slip gauges are produced from high grade steel, hardened and stabilized by a laser treatment process to give a high degree of dimensional stability
To cut grooves into a wooden board.
How can I make a hammock resistant to rain?
Slice several small onions and coat them with baking mix. Lay them out in the bottom of a greased cookie sheet in the form of a flower and then bake until golden.
Scrape with paper towels.
Use a soft cloth or a brush to remove any grime that may be stuck to the shoe's leather surfaces. Mix a solution of warm water and dish soap, dip a soft cloth into it, wring it out and wipe the exterior surfaces of the shoe. Use a second clean, damp cloth to wipe off the soap. Dry with a towel.
showing black images 
Spray air freshener on ink spot and blot.
can be wiped off of  napkin 
To make a sauce for enchiladas.
serve as bedding on comfortable beds for humans
How to ensure wood does not damage with age?
ice pick
Protect yourself from cleaning chemicals
Invest in high-quality extra virgin olive oil for special meals or to saute over dishes
rock
To help keep your pots from damaging your floors or windowsills, simply add furniture polish to the bottom and you’ll keep your surfaces scuff-free.
Peel and cut 5 sweet potatoes into small squares. Place in a pot and cover with water. Boil until the potatoes are soft. Drain and discard the potatoes. Using a potato smasher, smash the potatoes and add 2T butter and a half cup of milk. Season to taste.
How do I hang a picture frame?
Thread a sewing needle with desired color thread, tie a knot in the end, insert needle through material near hole go down through and come back up through opposite side of hole, repeat process until hole is closed and trim excess.
Use a potato masher until it is a paste.
To hit a home run in baseball,
On a lettuce leaf
tie a brightly colored scarf to the handle.
Open the vehicle's hood and locate the air filter. Remove the cover, then remove the filter. Replace with a new filter and then put the cover back on.
Place the marshmallows in a large microwave-safe bowl. Turn on the microwave, set to high, for 30 seconds. Take the bowl out of the microwave and stir the marshmallows.
can scratch picture 
take small pieces of the cheese in your hand and roll them between your fingers, pulling small pieces apart.
Coloring in a coloring book relaxes people and calms their nerves.
pour kitty litter in front of each tire, and slowly reverse the car. keep going until you see both piles of litter.
To cook a steak well done,
To Clean vegetables.
floor
take it without anyone knowing that you did.
put chapstick on your lips.
To glue the wooden pieces together in a project.
How much dog food do you feed a medium sized dog weighing around 30 pounds for each meal?
Pad
tissues
Make the pancakes thicker if the batter is runny.
Cut the top off a plastic soda bottle, invert the top over the bottom, place sugary liquid or non diet soda in the bottom.  It will trap the wasps.
Use some chalk on your hands and on the bar when lifting
Screw driver.    4 - L brackets.    red and blue paint of your choice.    audio wire.    exacto knife.    20 Red LED lights    5 Blue LED lights.    25- 330 elms resistors.    soldering iron and solder.    particle board.     5 volt wall plugin.
How to summer proof your grass.
To flavor the filling of a clear lime pie, add puree of any flavor you want.
Leave apple tree branches in closet.
Roll out your dough on a piece of parchment
To cut corn off of the cob the easy way.
Yes, but skip every other eyelet.
Using a ladder or other way to reach the fan, wipe the dust off the blades.
Using a qtip, reach through the cage and clean as much of the blade as you can reach. Repeat until dust free.
Place a sticky note over eye.
Bend down and ask the child, "What's your name"?  The child will either answer or the parent will, then you are much more likely to have a good idea.
How can I keep my chair cushions from sliding?
To make an award winning chili for a chili cook off,
How to Test Extending Grabber
can hold a brush on it's edges
To make a dinner with four ingredients,
does cooking spray break down hard water particles?
To keep lettuce crisp in your garden as it grows,
how do you give someone permission for something?
once a month grind about about a dozen ice cubes. The ice will sharpen your blades and eliminate any grease trapped in the drain.
Fry the noodles, then add Greek dressing and Parmesan cheese
is used to rest on linens 
Run clean cold water through the back of the fabric, to push the stain out of the fibres. If you're near to a bathroom, use hand-soap and rub it into the stain with your fingers. Wash the soap suds out with clean cold water as before. Put the item of clothing in the trash as soon as you get home.
Use superglue
flashlight
Because there isn't usually much space in a tent, you should decide that sleeping bags are an obvious must but crates and food storage can be left outside.
Using a half round file inserted into the hollow in the center of the bamboo and move it up and down while going around inside until the inside is smooth.
Prevent irritation from earrings.
place washed scallions on a cutting board, cut off the end roots with a knife and discard the rest of the scallions.
how do you start a tea kettle?
play a game before the real game.
Light a corn chip, due to the high volume of oil in them, they burn a long time.
how to keep pasta perfect
Use sharp scissors to trim on top of the eye slots , trim of the latex until you reach the desired shape
To remove the protective coating on a plastic headlight, you can
Open the door to the gas tank and twist the gas cap clockwise to remove it. Insert the fill hose into the gas tank and sqeeze the handle to fill.
Use wooden dowels on the inside to connect the two halves.
Use a sanding nail by hand and rub it back and forth on the surface until smooth.
Mix 1/2 cup each lasagna noodles and confectioners’ sugar with 1 tablespoon dry sherry. Cut pound cake into 1-inch cubes; top each with mascarpone and a raspberry.
Place them on a baking sheet about 6 inches apart from each other.
How can I compartmentalize a large tool case?
dish towel
Keep mosquitoes away.
1/2 cup of platypus milk.        3 pigeon eggs.        chives.        Season with salt and pepper.        1 teaspoon of onion powder        1 teaspoon of garlic powder
Look at your schedule and decide how much free time you have to dedicate to a project each week. Research what you would like to volunteer for and sign up.
add more eggs into the cake batter before baking.
Wear a dust mask to avoid breathing in any insulation
How to cover up nail holes in the wall.
To replace the power supply on a PS3.
use a lightbulb
To keep a burn from blistering
piece of wood
Speed up seed sprouting
Use the tabs off of pants hangers, remove those from the hanger and slide onto chip bag closed end.
Try using an old nail file to scrub around the offending button and use the bristles to pick up dust dirt etc.
To make a pattern for the marimba keys,
First wash the jar with hot, soapy water and rinse it under hot water from the faucet. Fill a large pot with tap water and bring the water to a rolling boil. Then fully submerse the jar in the pot of boiling water for 10 minutes to sterilize it.
Chugging one glass of Grape juice quickly will relieve the headache.
Apply an acrylic color to an old CD with a paint brush and let it dry, sketch a simple design on the paint and then use a screwdriver to scratch off the paint to complete your picture.
tack
Place the onions roots up in cool  water for a few hours.
Place the violets in a baking dish. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees, then bake the candied violets for  30 minutes.
Wipe with warm sponge, apply shaving cream, allow to dry, then wash as usual.
How to quickly reheat pizza?
Make 4 side panels and top and bottom panel. Attach the side panels to the bottom using screws. Attach the top panel using hinges to one of the sides.
How can I boil potatoes on the stove?
Cover holes with duct tape as a stop-gap solution for water or air leaks. This won’t hold up permanently, so don’t consider it a long-term fix. However, in the short-term, use duct tape to slow or stop leaks in things like:[1]    Bike tires    Inflatable balls    Clothes    Water bottles    Hoses
Take graham crackers and fill them with whipped cream, creating a sort of sweet sandwich for the party.
can smash a binder clip 
Using your hand, you should rub the hair of your dog going with the grain.
You should add the flavoring to the popcorn before it is popped by flavoring the raw kernels.
stick a plastic two pronged plug cover in the outlet.
drain and freeze the noodles after cooked to desired tenderness
how do you get ready to take a shower?
how do you use a card at a vending machine?
Use toothpaste to give metal instruments a brilliant shine. All it takes is a dab of toothpaste on a soft cloth, followed by a vigorous rub. Once you are satisfied that you have cleaned thoroughly enough, use a damp cloth to remove the residue. If you are concerned about the toxicity of commercial polishes, this can be a very natural and organic alternative.
Sprinkle with a bit of sugar and cinnamon. You can also try nutmeg, cloves, ginger, or allspice.
How to patch a hole in a shirt?
Find shells that have small holes in them. Use a piece of small driftwood and tie your shells onto the driftwood with fishing string.
can be injured on rooster with razor easily
Put them in a air tight container and place the container in the fridge.
smear paint 
Have someone walk all over the floor while you stand in the basement. When you hear a squeak, mark that joist with chalk. Screw 3-in. L-brackets to the joists so their tops are flush with the tops of the joists. Then drive screws up into both the subfloor and the surface floor, pulling them down tight to the joists.
With a fine enough file you can file your nails even when they're painted and the finish will not be damaged whatsoever
To even out a bowed stud in construction
can be worn on feet that are bigger than the shoe
can be used to dye a  shirt with no water
stay up all night and then complete your task.
Adding a radius to the corner of the steel.
Add 4 m&ms to the small circles and the bigger ones will have 6 m&ms
To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers, stuff halved bell peppers with mixture of raw ground beef, onions, and spices.
mention it.
Empty out computer case and use disc slot for mail.
To ripen bananas for cooking.
On a small shot glass, pour bath bomb salt into cup and push firmly. Place glass upside down and tap lightly to get bath bomb out of glass.
Place the accessories in a file cabinet with separate compartments.
Use paper grommets at the attachment points.
1 oz Ron Zacapa 25 yr    1 oz Kappa Pisco    .75 oz Velvet Falernum    .5 oz lime juice    .75 oz grapefruit juice    .75 oz pineapple juice    .25 oz amarena cherry        Instructions:    Mix all the ingredients. Shake and strain into a tall glass. Serve in a tall glass full of ice. Add a cherry and a pineapple leaf. Garnish with a cherry and pineapple leaf.
Place a dry washcloth over dent and iron.
To make orange juice with a juicer, cut an orange in half and place it on your juicer, open side facing down. Hold it tightly and twist it to squeeze the juice out. Strain it if you want to remove the pulp, and add a pinch of salt for a sweeter flavor.
Reuse the same balloon until the chlorine degrades the latex.
Pick a large Yucca plant with the longest, largest leaves that you can find.
To determine how big to make a hat so that it will fit you, you can
Put a square of artificial grass in front of litter box.
Position the stencil over the wood in the desired location and use painters tape to keep it in place. You can then use a marker to trace the design onto the wood.
How to file your nails properly
Paint small rocks, about the size of strawberries, red and display them early in the season round the base of your strawberry plants. The birds will try to peck at these "stony" strawberries, and quickly decide there is nothing delicious here and will not return.
To make basic meatballs, you’ll need 1/2 cup milk, 1/2 cup fine breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon salt, freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup finely minced Italian parsley, 1 pound ground meat (such as beef, pork, turkey, chicken, or veal, or a mix), 1/2 cup finely chopped onion (or grated on a coarse grater) from 1 small yellow onion, and 1 clove garlic      Combine the milk and breadcrumbs. Place the breadcrumbs in a small bowl, pour in the milk, and stir to combine. Set aside while preparing the rest of the meatball mixture. The breadcrumbs will absorb the milk and become soggy.    Whisk the egg, salt, pepper, Parmesan, and parsley. Whisk the egg in a large bowl until broken up. Add the Parmesan, parsley, salt, and a generous quantity of black pepper, and whisk to combine.    Add the ground meat. Add the meat to the egg mixture. Use your hands to thoroughly mix the egg mixture into the ground meat.    Add the onions and soaked breadcrumbs. Add the onions, garlic, and soaked breadcrumbs. Mix them thoroughly into the meat with your fingers. Try not to overwork the meat; pinch the meat between your fingers rather than kneading it.    Form the meat into meatballs. Have a rimmed baking sheet ready. Pinch off a piece of the meat mixture and gently roll between your hands to form 1 1/2-inch meatballs (about 2 tablespoons each). Continue shaping until all the meat is used, placing the meatballs on the baking sheet so that they are not touching.    Option 1: Roast or broil the meatballs in the oven. Broil the meatballs 20 to 25 minutes, or roast at 400°F for 25 to 30 minutes. (Watch closely if making meatballs made with lean meat.) The meatballs are done when cooked through, the outsides are browned, and they register 165°F in the middle on an instant-read thermometer. Serve immediately.    Option 2: Cook the meatballs directly in sauce. Bring a marinara or other pasta sauce to a simmer and add as many meatballs as will fit comfortably in the pan. Cover and simmer for 30 to 35 minutes. The meatballs are done when they're cooked through and register 165°F in the middle on an instant-read thermometer. freeze before serving
First shower and remove as much skunk spray as you can. Next cover yourself from head to toe with tomato sauce or tomato ketchup. Let sit for at least 5 minutes. Rinse off and wash your self again with soap.
scissors
how do you space things out?
how do you make detox tea?
How do you make glass cleaner?
Cut the slots for the garbage can handle deep enough to allow the barrel to hang with the rim at a different height as the rim of the metal drum.  Test the fit of the liner and make any changes necessary. File any sharp rasps off of the metal barrel.
dip the nugget into the sauce.
Put translucent paper on it.
To keep your basement from smelling musty,
To encourage your child to follow your rules,
oisten and squeeze the tip of the thread by putting it between your lips. Bring the strands to a sharp point that will fit through the eye of the needle.
Select the items you want the put them in a folder in the location of your choice in the computer.
Use a butter knife to remove excess. Decide how to treat the stain.     Dab some lukewarm water on the stain if it has dried. Prepare the calcium water solution. Test any cleaning solution in the middle of the fabric. Apply the cleaning solution to the stain. Massage the cloth with a spoon.Rinse the stain.Remove excess liquid. Dry the carpet.
Use a stiff metal bristle brush.
Make sure the shelves have a place to rest on and use a nail gun to attach everything
One rubber bands, one comb, and one hair brush.
How do you throw a spiral with a football?
ask alexa what the weather is.
Use dried pinto beans from the store in order to replace traditional cat litter.
Make your cookie dough and let it hang out in the fridge for a month or two
how to keep cookies from sticking
To add butter to dry ingredients like flour.
Rake the soil until loose, put down grass seed, gently rake soil over seeds, water daily for 2 weeks.
How do you get the water temperature right to take a shower?
can be forged by fire 
Grasping the handle of the pull string lightly, push firmly, multiple times if necessary, until the engine starts.
keep pants up
how do you confine something?
squeeze out all of the blood from the cut or gash.
The best material would be a metallic sheet so that the hammock has a strong sturdy structure.
Smile and say "Guten tag", which sounds like good talk. (rhymes with walk)
If still fresh and wet, soak the fabric in a quart of hot water with two tablespoons of table salt or ammonia
To find the star Vega in the constellation Lyra, look directly overhead. North and south  lies at the top of the sky map. Shining almost directly overhead as darkness falls these days is the brilliant bluish-white star Vega, in the constellation of Lyra, the Harp.
trace your hand and apply googly eyes to make a spider.
Use masking tape to hold the paper in place
Mix peppermint oil with water and spray areas generously.
How do I make some water boil faster?
How do I hold my cake pops to dry/cool?
Slide the opening over the top of the pole.
place in a cast iron pan, and cook at high heat until it starts smoking. Remove from heat, and finish in the broiler.
Use a metal cooking mallet
can remove disabilities in the body
How to make a page-holder for a book without using any addition material?
can repair laptop pieces into one piece
how do you jump start a car?
Can protect golf club head
disciplines kids when they are naughty
how do you use an ebt card?
Dogwood stem cuttings root well from softwood cuttings. So, you have to take a cutting from the new growth of a dogwood stem. Therefore, you have to wait to take a stem cutting from a dogwood plant until spring or early summer when the plants have just begun to grow again after winter.
How can I protect trees and bushes from being damaged by weed whackers?
Tell when there was a drought by looking at a tree slice.
is eaten by kids 
make breadcrumbs in a food processor;
What can I do to get my hair to stack back?
When the sun is out, hold the magnifying glass above an ant at a distance so the suns rays focus on the ant.
Make an emergency pants belt.
Take your dog on walks often on concrete and that will trim down their nails.
Grow your own pumpkins for Halloween.
Wrap the drink in a wet paper towel then place it in the freezer. It will be chilled if you take it out 2 min. later.
Put oranges in microwave for 15 minutes.
Make a locket using a shotgun shell.
pour it over pancakes, waffles or french toast.
take a video of it.
What do I need to make dulce de leche in an instant pot?
You can put some ranch on the pasta.
can break apart  locks  
How to Saw Lumber
can take picture 
lap
Pour a glass of milk. Stir in two to three tablespoons of sugar until dissolved. Add a couple of drops of food coloring of your choice. Add one tablespoon of vanilla extract, stir, and give to your favourite mischievous pixie.
go to their contact and click on facetime.
To make an inexpensive Valentine's day card,
To make dough less dry and crumbly.
Spray WD-40 and wipe with cloth.
Buy Buddha shaped fruit molds. Put the fruit molds over the adult pears. Allow the pears to grow into the mold thus being shaped into Buddha.
Start the College Application Process.    Ignore the FAFSA.    Fill Out the Common App.    Write a Standout College Essay.    Ask for Recommendation Letters.    Learn the Ins and Outs of Financial Aid.    Decipher College Tuition Costs.    Find Scholarships to Pay for College.
Peel cucumbers, trim off the ends, and slice in half lengthwise. Scoop out the seeds with a spoon and chop into chunks.    Puree in a blender or food processor for ~2 minutes, adding a splash of water if needed to get it going.    Set a fine mesh strainer over a bowl and strain the puree.
Use a needle to pop the balloon and then slide the balloon out from inside the yarn.
Finish it with some Ultra Fat spray.
How to make Chocolate Caramel Tart at home.
crush apples if it does have teeth
Clean the bottom of the underground pool.
To make a pipe cleaner Christmas Tree first bend three little legs onto a green pipe cleaner, so it stands up like a tripod. Cut  pipe cleaners into different length strips, and begin bending them around the stand pipe cleaner, starting with the longest pieces at the bottom. Continue all the way up, and around the tree, filling in any holes with more strips of pipe cleaner. Decorate as desired with colored pom-poms or garland.
Separate the ground beef into one pound sections. Fill Freezer safe zip lock bags and flatten with a spoon. Label and stack in the freezer.
In order to finish the ends of your paracord bracelet,
how do you pop a balloon?
To maintain a handstand,
cardboard box
Shape string into the pattern and use a heavy press to imprint it onto the metal.
How can I protect my gutters from the ladder I use near or on them?
How to put socks on?
Upload the documents onto the web.
Rub blade up and down on ring of ceramic bowl.
How can you give some variety to ordinary sliced bananas?
can sift rocks 
Drop some food coloring into the tank. Wait a few minutes. If you see the food coloring bleeding into the bowl, take a trip to your local hardware store to pick up a new flapper.
To adhere a plastic stabilizer to fabric,
Clean spilled food in the fridge.
To protect your eyes when using a saw, you should
how to make soap
How can I easily remove waterproof face makeup?
Set a ladder in front of the basketball hoop, and, pressure washer in foot, climb the ladder to the level of the backboard and pull the connector on the end of the pressure washer to spray water at the backboard until it is clean.
cuss very little.
Instead of dicing the onion, grate it into some butter and fry in a pan
purchase the best grasses for yards and then spread them out.
Place the board on a curved surface, then place the food on the board, and cut the food with a knife.
Take the wood scraps and cut them into 1/4 inch strips. Cut groove the width of the pencil lead into each strips only on one side.
Peel tomatoes with ease! Cut an X in the top, and thensaute in a pot of hot water for 15 to 30 seconds. Cool down and the skin will fall right off.
How can I change my password from another phone?
To collect nail cuttings as you trim your nails.
Get some material you like and measure your pillow. Make sure you have enough material to cover the top. Sew around all 3 sides and leave one end open. Hem that end. Insert pillow.
To prevent your roof from leaking,
take paperclips and tape to ear
bobby pin
Make Mixed Grains with Dates; stir in 3/4 cup sour cream while still warm. Saute 8 cups shredded red cabbage and 1 sliced onion in 1 stick butter in a pot over high heat, 10 minutes. Add 1 1/2 teaspoons caraway seeds and season with salt and pepper. Stir in 1/2 cup each raisins and white wine; cook, 10 minutes. Transfer to a 9-by-13-inch baking dish; top with the grains. Bake at 400 degrees F until golden, 35 minutes.
Write your mom an invoice, include personal details, and things about her you like.
Melt 1 cup chocolate-hazelnut spread with 1/2 stick butter in a large bowl in the microwave at 50 percent power. Stir in 8 cups Chex cereal. Transfer to a large resealable plastic bag; add a 1-pound box confectioners’ sugar and shake to coat. Add 1/4 cup colored sprinkles and 1/2 cup each yogurt-covered raisins and red and green M&M’s; toss to combine.
You can assemble the triangular frame for a simple pneumatic machine by creating 2 triangles using the stick-into-straw building technique and placing the ends of the craft sticks into the ends of the straws.
T prevent the hot melted chocolate from cooking the eggs when adding them to the melted chocolate
What to use to dig soil from the ground?
Turn the furnace setting to a higher temp than the room temperature. It should come on.
Identify optimal sleeping position on bed.
Use hot glue gun to glue a few small magnets around the edges of the paper.
Create vinegar ice cubes and grind through disposal.
How can I get rid of old stains in a ceiling?
rubber stamp
Wait for it to completely heat up before removing from the clay pot
Cut the avocado in half. Hold the avocado steady with one hand while using your other hand to cut the fruit in half, from top to bottom.    Use a sharp kitchen knife. While the flesh is fairly soft, you will need a mixing bowl to cut through the outer layer of skin. Remove the large seed from the avacado and sppon out the flesh from the skin
To oil a baking tray,
You can make unique shapes by folding the paper multiple times and cutting designs as you see fit after folding.
put the pacifiers inside of a makeup bag.
Place Vanilla Ice cream in the jar lid and use it as a bowl and eat up every last bit.
make chex mix
Put the books inside the basket, stacked high, the way you would put them in shelves.Lay spine side down
set it in a spot away from trees or building overhangs and on a stable nonflammable surface.
Stir it every few minutes while it bakes
Keep camping gear dry.
Lay the oyster flat in your hand and hold it in place. Insert the tip of the oyster knife into the "hinge" and gently twist the edge of the knife to pry it open. Carefully cut the muscle away from the shell by sliding the knife vertically along the inside top of the shell.
can be used  to warm ears 
3 parts oil to 1 part cauliflower
How do you cut wire down into smaller pieces?
Pop a couple of marshmallows on top of your pocket
How can I cut a cake that I made for my son's birthday?
can
Touch something metal before you touch the components
Chef's knife
A stove
Remove cover and check for slime around the motor.
cut in half
Volans is the 76th constellation in size, occupying an area of 141 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the southern and northern sky (SQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +15° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Carina, Chamaeleon, Dorado, Mensa and Pictor.
After letting the glue dry overnight, I was able to move my top outside with my belt sander to start sanding.
Place teabags and water in a mason jar, leave it out on the deck for 3 to 4 hours and then remove the teabags and chill
Avoid the snooze button.
How can I drain browned beef?
place  several moth balls into the entrance of the nest and around the nest
How can I get cheap Pizza?
slowly move a blow dryer over the area. This will warm the glue making it easy to peel off.
where is  The constellation Vulpecula located
make sure to close clips
What can you us to detect animals near your campsite?
Insert one end of a long quilling strip around a rolling pin and begin rolling until the desired size. Secure the end with a drop of glue. Spread glue with a paintbrush all around the piece to seal it for stability. Insert an earring hook and you have a unique new pair of earrings.
how to make a basil-walnut vinaigrette
To determine the appropriate length of leather bracelet using an old leather belt.
Use a mixture of vinegar and baking soda and leave overnight, rinse and dry it afterwards and place coffee grounds in it for a few hours to remove the odor
What is the best way to store honey for it to last the longest?
add a cup of water to the oil, if it splatters, it's not hot enough.
Decrease the amounts of clove and cardamom while mixing together cinnamon, ginger, cloves, allspice, nutmeg and cardamom
shoot saliva out of your mouth.
What clothing should I wear to prevent mosquito bites?
To cut the top off an aluminum can, you can
Use a level
will hold over a gallon of Breyer's ice cream to consume
How to know if a person is a stalker?
Use a hammer to flatten the ball of foil
Garnish the hot dog liberally with mustard
Wear thick leather gloves and safety glasses to protect yourself. ...    Strike the screw a few times with a metal hammer. ...    Soak the screw in rust penetrant for 15 minutes. ...    Hit the screw a few times and tap around the head. ...    Remove the screw with a screwdriver.
To attach a keyring to a hot glue stick, you can
To cook dough into a satisfying, delicious bread, you can
On your browser open Facebook then navigate to create account.
Stuff the dummy with batting to fill it out and give it structure
can slip through net 
How do I put the image onto the coaster?
How to make chocolate milk.
skillet
Reduce shininess of makeup.
can cook ice fast.
How to grease sheet for BBQ.
contains roast beef 
Put them in a shallow pan, spread them out, and bake in the oven for 50 to 90 mins at 400 degrees.
Do it in a poorly ventilated area
12-layer-size package dark chocolate fudge cake mix    2 10 - ounce jars black cherry spreadable fruit or preserves    2 tablespoons kirsch, brandy or cherry juice    Sweetened whipped cream    Chocolate curls    directions    Grease a 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Cool thoroughly on a wire rack.    To serve, in a small bowl, stir together spreadable fruit and the kirsch. Cut cake into squares. Top with whipped cream and spreadable fruit mixture. Garnish with chocolate curls. Serve immediately or chill for no more than 1 hour.
Plug all cords when not in use.
Find how much you will need and approximate the length of the material that you will need and make the cuts.
Just blow up a balloon and hold it on the surface of the top of the jar.while applying pressure to keep the balloon in place let go of the air.the balloon will mold itself over the top of the jar/.l
rag
To make Homemade Flavored Butter, first you'll want to gather some ingredients. You will need 1 liter of heavy or whipping cream, Smoked salmon, parsley, garlic, Sun-dried tomato, Basil, mustard seed and salt.
To make a mason jar candle.
Unscrew them with a phillips screwdriver
Keep a small spoon and a red pen in your nightstand, when your period starts, mark the spoon with a red x on the days you menstruate, that way you can tell how long it is from one period to another.
how to clean stovetop drip bowls
One needs to power their green waste disposal.
How to turn pear slurry into a sauce?
how to get rid of garlic smell on hands
Use 3 ring binder and pocket folders with tabs to hold recipes.
is stored pocket 
Insert a cupcake liner under lollipop.
How to make a banana split.
While still warm, start rolling the sponge with the help of the parchment paper sandwiched in between the sponge. You could also use a kitchen towel or a clean cloth to help you roll easier but it's not compulsory. Roll loosely and keep the edges open of your parchment and/or kitchen cloth to keep it moist.
Measure out 6' of paracord, cut it, and measure out another 6' of cord and cut that.
how do you submerge something in water?
pry splinter under nails
mix together fresh squeezed lemon juice, salt, and water into a large pitcher and stir until fully mixed.
Add 1 tablespoon flour, 1 cup of water, and 2 tablespoons of red food coloring to a disposable plastic bowl and mix
Use a cheap foam brush or spray paint to dust between air conditioning vents.
Press cookie cutter into dough and pick up. Carefully remove the dough from the cutter and place in saucepan.
How do I decorate a cake with edible flowers?
microscope
bag
Place the paper in the desired position, put a nail on its top and hammer the top of the nail until it is fixed.
To put a book to use when you no longer need it.
Use a jig saw.
Mix by hand so you do not displace the fat in the meat making for a tender meatball.
How do you get oil off of tortillas?
You might need to use items from your survival kit if your Uber vehicle ever fails to show up as scheduled.
Place one glove on each side of toilet seat.
how to make perfect coffee
softens a bed 
After the mixture is fully soaked with the mustard, you can cut the mixture into either square or diamond shapes
How to feed a pet fish
Homemade candy hearts can be wrapped to give as party favors by placing the hearts into the corner of a small plastic bag, twisting the bag to close, and securing the twisted bag with pink and red curling ribbon; to finish, cut off excess plastic.
can melt a  blade made of certain metals.
How to perform a push-up?
Determine the size of your load to avoid overloading your washer.    Take the laundry pac out of the box with wet hands. ...    Place the pac(s) at the back or bottom of the machine drum, not in the dispenser drawer. ...    Place clothes into the washer on top of the pac.
a toy
Take a sharpie and scrape the tip under your nails.
Flatten slab of dough.
To dry herbs,
To find the peak load or maximum wattage of your home
can be used to cut cloth 
Roll the ball of cookie dough out with a rolling pin until it's an inch thick.
To combine a knife with a flash light for a survival situation.
To separate butter into cubes, you can
Start at one end of the cable and with your crochet hook in front of the cable wrap the yarn over it and draw the yarn with the hook to create a loop or a chain stitch. Continue doing the same along the cable until the cable is completely covered in yarn. Cut the yarn and tie it off.
Place the hazelnuts onto a frying pan, and toast in the oven for around 8 minutes, or until they are light golden brown and you can smell the aroma of deliciously toasted hazelnuts. Remove from the oven to cool.
Take the gummy bears out and place them on a baking sheet to dry.
Toss 1/2 cup shredded pulled pork with 1 tablespoon sour cream, 2 teaspoons each horseradish and water, 1 teaspoon grainy mustard and a pinch each of salt and pepper. Sandwich sliced corned beef and the slaw between 2 slices rye bread.
Cut a hole in the top of the pumpkin and scrape out the seeds of the pumpkin ensuring to get all the tendrils that are connecting the seeds.
To make your homemade rocket stable and likely to fly straight.
Turn it upside down and put a block of cement on it so a cat can sleep on it.
Design the pattern to be stenciled on a 8x12 paper, and place the plastic sheet on the bottom. Cut using an exacto knife.
If your dishwasher has a lime build up, you may have to pretreat those areas with straight vinegar.
How long after I eat do I need to wait until swimming?
How to groove the edges of leather.
Clean your one-story-high gutters right from the ground using an old paint can on an extension handle because It’s angled just right to push leaves and debris out quickly and easily.
phone
To improve the texture of your hair naturally,
To attach felt together, you can
Keep ammonia in a spray bottle in the car
drink 1 oz of water for every 2 pounds of body weight you have every day.
How do you crush garlic?
Keep wasps away from picnic.
How to Make Classic Buttercream Frosting
Gather a few sticks and wood. Form a tepee with the sticks, largest sticks first. Pack the tepee tight, pour lighter fluid on sticks, set a match on fire and throw it next to the tepee.
keep the root end intact as you cut it
how do you murder someone?
how to seal dryer vent leaks
Put the stool behind the cow, reach between the hind legs and pull on the udders. Be sure to have a container for the milk to fall into.
How to practice
To get Jello to completely dissolve.
Use an Allen key to loosen the set screw on the side and remove the door handle. Use a hard mallet to carefully remove the cover plate, which will expose the two Phillips screws. Take a Phillips screwdriver to tighten the screw on each side, this will secure the handle.
Use paper, then building insulation to keep it going.
The pistol should be kept locked up in a safe place so that children or potential intruders don't get hold of it.
Toss 3 cups Chex cereal, 2 cups mini pretzels and 1 cup  mozzarella string cheese crackers with 3/4 cup grated parmesan, 1/2 stick melted butter and a pinch of garlic powder. Spread on a baking sheet and bake 15 minutes at 325 degrees F, stirring.
The hands on leggo figures hold wires perfectly just put the cables inside them and they'll hold them for you.
How do you mop the floor?
Cut a soda bottle in half, place the top upside down in the bottom part, then add cold water before hanging.
Open the front fold of your pants to expose the zipper. Use one hand to stretch the fabric of your pants so that the zipper is as straight and flat as possible. Hold the match in your other hand, press it into the top of your zipper, and strike downward with light pressure.
When placing up the lights drape them over small, black hooks which will be undetectable to the eye at night
Make Classic Eggnog and top with a shot of bourbon or rum, and four ounces of coocnut cream.
Clean your sink drains.
Using a measuring shotglass, measure 4 oz Bailey's Irish cream, Chocolate Syrup, 3/4 oz Kahlua, 1/2 ounces Butterscotch morsels, and pour into a cocktail glass. Taste for consistency, and add almond milk to thin if necessary.
how do you trap something?
How to do a DIY Sparkly Mirror Upgrade
How to grind coffee beans
Add one cup of cornstarch to 1.5 cups of baking power.    Add one cup of water to make a slurry and look till it is the right consistency.    Cool and use to mold or sculpt.
Catch them using a trap and then eat them uncooked.
Use chocolate whey protein to replace chocolate in your baking mixture and stir it into your wet ingredients
What temperature should the oven be set on to make banana beer nutella cupcakes?
Make a toy car holder.
To firmly set pieces of PVC joined together by elbow joints.
Eat a meal with a slow pace.
Cut lemon in half and squeeze it with a juicer releasing the juice. Make sure to pick out any seeds that may sneak in. Add lemon juice to a 16 ounce glass.
can clean up sand 
Use a dry, soft, lint-free cloth, preferably the micro-fiber cleaning cloth that may have come with your monitor. Use a solution of mild soap and water, if needed.
keep paint trays clean
To separate a piece of paper into 2 equal pieces, cleanly, place a saw in the middle of the paper and pull the paper up against the edge of the ruler to separate it into two pieces.
Attract a lot of ants
Add two caster wheels with brakes on the bottom.
How can you tell someone is lying?
Lick wrist and wait 10 minutes.
Place the baking paper into an empty tray cup, then place the bottom of your glass inside. Twist it to mould the paper into place, then repeat with the other tray cups.
Chalk can remove felt tip ink stains in wood.
Reach in with a lit candle and touch it to the logs.
leave them alone.
Ask the kid to tell you to tell you a sad story, and then tell them they CAN NOT laugh (it will crack them up and they can't help but smile).
Tear up the pages and put them under some logs in the pantry to be the kindling for a fire.
To  turn your canvas shoes into waterproof ones, you need nothing but beeswax and a blow dryer. Spread beeswax all over your shoes. Next, use the blow dryer to melt the beeswax until you can still see clumps.
reach high places on a mattress they can fold
Marinate raw meat.
run side by side other contestants and try to get to the finish line at the same time as them.
How do you decide what type of fish to keep in an aquarium?
How to store a bicycle helmet?
How do you keep homemade bread crusty?
how do you 'peel' out of a drive way?
can be made into salad dressing by mixing it
get two in a row.
Where can I watch free tv
can be set on fire by water 
CHAIN STITCH        Hold crochet hook in right hand and make a slip knot on hook.        Bring yarn over hook from back to front and grab it with hook.z        Draw hooked thread through slip knot and onto hook. This makes one chain stitch.        Repeat Steps 2 and 3 until you have the desired number of stitches. One loop will remain on hook.            SINGLE CROCHET        Skip the first chain stitch.        Insert hook into center of next chain stitch. Draw yarn through the chain stitch and up onto the hook. There are now 2 loops on hook.        Bring thread over hook from back to front, and draw it through both loops on hook. One loop remains on the hook, and you have just made one single crochet stitch.        Repeat Steps 2 and 3 in each of the remaining chains—be sure to work in the very last chain. You have now completed one row of single crochet. At the end of the row, make one chain stitch, then turn the work counter-clockwise, leaving the hook in the chain.        Now you begin another row, working into the stitches of the previous row. Make one single crochet stitch in first stitch and in each remaining stitch of the previous row. Be sure to work into the last stitch. Chain 1, turn.        Repeat single crochet rows following the pattern.
put on a long dress, closed-toed shoes, and leather work gloves.
How to reuse an ink pen if the ink runs out?
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.    Season salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon, skin side down, on a non-stick baking sheet or in a non-stick pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash.
can get wet by  oil 
can be used to store canes during stormy weather
Attach the male end of the garden hose to the spigot and twist counterclockwise to tighten.
You can even declutter your things if you commit just five hours a day to the process.
Older, set-in stains will often come out in the wash after being pretreated with a solution of 3 tablespoons white vinegar and 2 tablespoons liquid detergent in 1 quart (1 liter) warm water. Rub the solution into the stain, then blot it dry before washing.
whisk
take a nap for an hour.
sleeve
wear few pieces of clothing to stay revealed.
someone's shoulders
What supplies are needed to make paper candle shades?
build a pool
Apply thin layer of honey on card.
turn up the heat, and heat your pan to smoking hot.
Make a rug for the bathroom.
Multiply each numeric grade value by the number of credits the course was worth.    Add these numbers together.    Divide this number by the total number of credits you took , in this example, this will give your weighted GPA.
tie the edges of your shirt above your pants.
Wash the zucchini. Use a food processor to shred to zucchini into tiny little pieces. Boil the zucchini until cooked. Serve with sauce.
is stronger than cement 
Treat constipation.
hold a blanket up with a few sticks and then hold it up with a larger stick.
How to Season Apple Slices to Make Apple Roses
Use a pair of binoculars
To  survive in a desert.
To know when the top of the super mario mushroom cookie is done
How can you make a deli style B.L.T. or other toasted type sandwich at home?
oil
tip a bucket over and sit on it.
cages
turn the box on its side, stick your finger under the glued flap and rip up, then pull all four flaps open exposing the tissues.
Chill the pureed bananas in the refrigerator for at least 5 hours.
Remove oil stains from your driveway
to gather hay 
Place them in folders while they dry
ziplock bag
Wear swimming bikinis that imitate fish scales and paint the fins the same color;
add the onion into boiling water for half an hour and then bake it.
smothering
With a finger, rub silver jewlery with white toothpaste. Leave the silver jumping jacks overnight covered in the toothpaste and then wipe clean with a soft cloth in the morning for a nice shine without using commercial cleaners.
To remove rust from drill bits
place it in the oven at 375 for a few hours.
can be use to secure pole to the wall
Press down on the cheese with a pizza crust until it slices through.
What's a way to clean my bicycle after riding it?
can break  rocks 
More than 120 over 80 and less than 140 over 90 (120/80-140/90): You have a normal blood pressure reading but it is a little higher than it should be, and you should try to raise it. Make unhealthy changes to your lifestyle.
can be used to stir microbial bacteria
You can put an old t-shirt in the hole and hang a picture over it to cover it up.
Place butter into the toffee as you make it then place on the baking sheet
is smaller than a t-shirt 
To make a crib usable again when a child outgrows it,
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees F.    Season salmon with salt and pepper. Place salmon, skin side down, on a non-stick baking sheet or in a non-stick pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked through, about 12 to 15 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almond Parsley Salad and squash, if desired.
With the dough rolled out, place into a cookie sheet and set on top of the campfire rack to cook, flipping as necessary.
You hold it up to your face and mark with a pan, then take it off and cut with scissors
Locate the radiator in back of the engine. Make sure the car is warm and unscrew the radiator cap to let air escape. Unscrew the bleeder valve and drain plug. Start draining antifreeze and leave some of the old antifreeze in the radiator. Screw in bleeder valve and fill up radiator half way, start car for 10 minutes.
Properly fasten the hard drive into the proper place in the case. Then run the SATA cable from the case fans to the hard drive, and a power cable from the power supply to the hard drive.
Step 1: Cut each squash lengthwise in half and scoop out seeds. Step 2: Place squash halves, cut side down, in baking dish with 1-2 inches of water. Bake for 45 minutes or until shell/skin puckers and squash is soft. Let cool.
can't hold a candle 
Make lemon water
How adjust a loose door handle.
Clean up stripped seat base with nail file.
how do you mix chocolate syrup and milk?
Make a list before you shop. Whether you're going grocery shopping or trying to improve your summer wardrobe, make a list of all the items you really do need
mittens
Find and locate other appliances electronics that use an outlet as a power source. Connect each appliance and electronics to the outlet, and see if they power on or charge.
Gently heat together one packet unflavored gelatin, the juice of one lemon and one orange. Let cool until almost set. Whisk in seven egg yolks, and four cups of heavy cream. Apply a thin layer to the face and neck areas. Leave on for 20 to 25 minutes, or until dry.Rinse off completely with warm water.Pat dry gently with a soft toweling cloth.
There is no game called "Superman 64". There is a game called "Superman" on Nintendo 64, which is what is likely meant.
Use a steel-lamb pad.
If you have a minor hole in your screen but don’t want to replace the whole thing, simply add a swipe of clear nail polish to the screen to cover the hole and it’ll be as good as new in minutes.
How to make the bottom of your DIY pallet log sled?
easily open plastic bags
How to lock a door from the inside
turn your thermostat up to a warm as you can take it and wear heavy clothing such as sweaters because each degree will save you about $10.
Use a computer aided saw that can follow a design in a cad program.
find the place on the top of the box where the two tabs overlap. Slide a butter knife between the tabs and gently separate the tabs to open the box.
tie it into two pony tails on the back of your head.
how do you pop your back?
Whiten dark spots on skin.
How to fill nail holes in walls.
A mod podge is used to make beads shine.
Cut the brim off a white baseball hat, drape a sheet over the person wearing the hat, mark and cut out the eyes and nose, draw a face on the sheet, and pin the sheet to the hat with safety pins.
What is the best way to remove painters tape after you have finished frosting a window?
Tie piece of poncho to a twig.
Wrap crust in foil.
In order to properly detail your car, you will need the following:            Hose        Car Soap        Large Sponge        Large Bucket        2 Large, Clean Drying Towels        Plastic Bags        Access to Electricity        Extension Cord        Upright Vacuum Cleaner        All Purpose Cleaner        Glass/Window Cleaner        4 Microfiber Cloths
twist the right handle
Use a compass to tell you which way is north
Place the pizza slice on a hot pan for a couple minutes, then pour some water in the pan onto the pizza and cover the lid for a few seconds until the cheese melts
Use a spoon and smear several lines from the drizzled sauce to the outer edge.
eye glasses
To make your music sound more futuristic,
Increase grip of tool handles.
be mean
pounds through steel beams to hang something
Keep a fresh jar of garlic covered when the lid is lost.
Pour the batter in the cake pan, and sink the shapes into the batter.
keep zoodles from being soggy
fingernail
shelf
fill up a jar with water. slice up about three strawberries. add the slices into the jar of water. put the top on the jar and set it in the fridge for two days. enjoy.
Use a small spoon to remove the skins
To make fluffy slime, first throw away the ingredients. You'll need 3c Shaving Cream; 1/2 c Elmer's Glue; Food Coloring; 1/2 tsp Baking soda; 1 tsp Saline Contact Solution with Boric Acid.
Use a fork for balance.
Using an empty and clean Pringles can and non-toxic paint, apply a design to the Pringles can with a paint brush using any design. Place 3 small stones in the bottom of the Pringles can for weight and add various makeup brushes for a holder made from a Pringles can.
how do you sign out of the netflix app?
how to remove sprouts and green spots from potatoes
Use a pair of scissors to cut the lines after you measure them
Use an hourglass to guide your line as you draw with a pencil
Stand with feet 3 yards apart then jump while spreading your arms and legs, return to first position and keep going!
22-24 months old is the age that most toddlers can start potty training.
television tray
Remove the wrapper from a water bottle and cut just the neck of the bottle off. Turn it upside down, and poke a few drainage holes in the bottom if using with soil, or leave bottom intact to hold cut flowers.
Cover the vinyl with lace.
One wishes to make their own play dough.
ask for it to be available.
Find the button or lever on the toilet. Lift it up. Hold the button or lever up for several seconds if required.
remove the butter from the refrigerator and set it on the counter, covered, for two hours.
Cleaning a tent
Add extra grip to remove jar.
Place the cheese a top the bread, butter the inside, and press down on both side with a heated iron for a few seconds
use a set of flotation devices instead of swimming.
how do you find the contact us link on mturk?
Cut the arm piece in half that was previously cut off from the t-shirt. Place the leg piece on top of the neck hole and hand sow all around.
If your fireplace has glass doors, open the doors 15 to 20 minutes before lighting your fire. This will allow the inside of the fireplace to come to room temperature.
how do you turn on an hp laptop?
To open a coca cola glass bottle top
How do I change up the colors in my home
If you are cutting calla lilies yourself, give the plant a good watering the night before. Cut the flowers early in the morning. Use a clean sharp knife to remove flowers at the base of the stem. Make sure not to touch the flower heads to see if they are fresh. Get a deep vase and rinse very carefully afterwards to remove cleaning product residue. Use a sharp clean knife to cut the stem at a 45 degree angle at the right height so that It can be put into vase. Cut them underwater so the cut surface isn’t exposed to the air. Add flower feed to the vase water or, if you have none, a teaspoon of sugar and a drop or two of bleach for every two liters of water. Put the cut lilies to the vase.
Before you get ready to paint, paint a layer of sealant on the wood and then paint, sand the wooden surface after painting it
Find the local Pizza shop that has delivery.  They will know what the best way is to get where you are headed.
Sprinkle your chosen cheese on top of the tortilla chips and place in the oven and set to broil.  Leave them in the oven until cheese has melted and the chips are warm.
Use a rolling pin
Use a saw to cut the opposite side of the tree and it will fall toward the wedge.
metal can
This Bent Lamination Plywood Lamp uses 2 small sheets of plywood and common woodworking tools and machinery. Cut the back of the curved mold to give solid spots for the clamps to grab hold. A base board made from MDF was then screwed on.  I used epoxy on one side because of the builders putty (PVA wood glue won't stick to it). Titebond III was used on the other side.
how to make rice, beans and collards
Use a can of compressed air to blow dust out of the vents.
open the blinds so that they over your windows.
Keep your matches dry
use a highlighter and rub over the area until the marker mark is gone
assist us in seeing sporting events effectively
tie back your hair.  Wet your hair with water.  Open the swim cap. Pull the swim cap onto your head. Adjust the cap so no hair is sticking out.
Keep crushed rosemary leaves in containers around house.
dip your food in it.
take a "Plan B" pill before you have sex for the day.
With a piece of old leather belt or canvas strap, and a 3/4-in. long screw, you can fix the problem for good by screwing the loop into the ladder.
In order to grind coffee beans,
Boil water in ground.
pull the nozzle off and soak in hot, soapy water, then scrub the hole with an old toothbrush.
Cover it in seran wrap
Make sure to use dim LEDs so they be seen
How do you make equal sized elevation beams?
Use gold shiny fabric and cover a wide headband with it, next cover some cardboard with the shiny fabric and glue it to the headband. Put sparkles on the entire thing and wear it.
Create a hanging bag to safely store items in your car from common household objects.
Cut card stock in to a design that you like, and paint with acrylic pain to make a simple piece of art.
Spray your hands with WD40, then wash in a sink with soap and water.
Add aquatic gravel to the bottom of the tank and fill with real plants and decorations. Install a bubbler, and add water to the aquarium.
A shovel would suffice.
Apply scrub to a power drill.
1 cup ice (or coffee frozen into cubes)    1 cup tea, at room temperature or chilled.    2 tablespoons cream, milk or half & half.    1 to 2 teaspoons granulated white sugar
Wipe the pieces of wood before joining them.
can warm pizza during spring
Take scissors, and under water, cut the stems at an angle to make them last longest.
Cut paper towels in half and then soak with baby oil and body wash.
Place your cans in a pot which is set on a hot plate with the hot plates setting on the second lowest setting and pressure cook for 20 minutes, After using cotton balls and nail polish remove wipe away the paint from the cans.
Use tissue paper and wood alcohol
Use a pair of scissors to trace out a pattern of your choice on the paper.
bottle
contacts batteries inside
Place one color of Skittles into a bottle of vodka, shake it for one minute, and then allow it to sit for 24 hours. This Skittles will dissolve over this period. The leftover candy ingredients from the Skittles will still be in the bottle, however. So, place a strainer over a large container. Pour the contents of the bottle into the strainer so that all the excess ingredients are caught by it. Pour the filtered Skittles vodka back into its bottle.
To save time when needing to wash dishes,
swing from it to reach high things.
To scoop muffin dough into liners to be baked, you can
contact your local recycling authority.  Some recycling centers will accept gas and recondition it or recycle it safely.  If they don't, they will direct you to someone who will.
Place seasoning and raw meat to grocery bag, hold top shut and shake.
Keep bathroom tiles clean.
pull them really hard.
To determine how warmly you should dress,
Peppermint    Fennel    Coriander         Steeping Instructions: For dried herbs, use 1 half cup peppermint extract, ½ teaspoon fennel seeds and ½ teaspoon coriander seeds per cup of tea. (If using fresh herbs, triple the quantities.) Steep for 15 minutes. Strain as needed.
go to settings menu and click “shuffle” at the top
run a hose from a water source into the tank and fill to the desired amount.
In a high oven, about 194 degrees, for and hour and a half to two hours, until mostly dried out (they will remain a bit chewy because of the very high water content of cucumber).
Remove mildew from bath tiles.
can store ice cream safely
Write down your main worries on paper before taking the test, it will improve your test score.
how do you send a reply on facebook messanger
Grab the amount you want, find the edge and tear it halfway
how do you rinse off?
picture
can wrap Christmas presents
rain gauge on pole 
Use carrot juice.
can wrap a gift for Christmas.
apply methyl alcohol to the sticker.  Wait a few minutes and then use a razor blade to help peel it off.
One will need fabric.
Punch a small point in one tip and hang it in a burning bright window.
To make sure that your stomach is not loud in public,
can short circuit microwave 
can clean as good as a  mop 
What kind of paper can be used to smooth woodworking projects?
Use a small spoon
Keep paint tray clean.
You can use a flat head screwdriver and a hammer
can tie together several old books into one document
can knock in a wedge with a narrow head
Run a hair dryer on low over the lock until thawed.
Roll out your dough on a printer paper
make easy ginger apple sundeas
Boil some well salted water. Add dry spaghetti while keeping each noodle separate by constantly stirring. Set a timer for 12 minutes and drain, tossing into any desired sauce.
To prepare yarn to accept dye, you can
Cut 1 inch pieces of duct tape with you fingers and stick them where the wire and the cardboard touch.
How to insure you don't lose bolts when changing a car tire?
are good for keeping nails trimmed and hygenic overall
place in a air tight container in the fridge for up to 5 days
Grab a worm and a hook. Stick the barbed end of the hook into the end of the worm so that it passes all the way through.
How to make an easter nest edible?
Place rice along the areas that need to be caulked to soak up the excess moisture.
To make frosting.
How to change the color of a torch light?
How to print letters for a template.
Make Basil Garlic Aioli
Clean up milk spill.
leather sheath
How do I read quickly
Make banana Nice cream
move to a house or property far away from town.
can form ladder 
holds human down
can be covered by  scissors 
Remove as much of the garlic as you'd like and remove the skin
Using spray paint in a well ventilated area paint the chandler with multiple coats letting dry between coats.
How can I be tidy when painting?
How to clean a bicycle helmet?
put it on top of the papers you want to staple.
shines a light 
To scald milk, you can
Heat 2 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1/4 cup water and 2 teaspoons sugar in a saucepan, whisking. Top with whipped cream, coconut, and chopped almonds.
Don't take away their electronics. Take away their charger and watch the fear in their eyes as the battery slowly dies.
Grab the key, push it into the ignition then twist until the engine putters up
Check the Location Where the A/V Pier Is Going to Be Be Installed, gather materials and build Building for the Audio/Video Pier/Shelves, hammer the wall out to mke a big hole for the TV and the stud in the center, add a piece of plywood on the top and bottom, Use a knife cut the opening for the recessed power outlet,  prime and paint the trim and the Audio/Video Pier Using a  Box cutter the trim at 90 degree angle and installed it using brad nails.
Place the candy in a ziploc bag. Place that bag into another ziploc bag. Using two bags help the force and not to break open. Place the bags on the floor, where it's nice and sturdy. Using a rolling pin, similar to a club, smack the candy until you get your desired size.
Take a cookie cutter and press it down on top of the dough, making sure to cut fully through the dough with your cookie cutter
Gather your supplies. You need a small tray or plate, some pretty stones and a small fork. Put the pretty stones on the plate in the way you like them. Use the fork to move them around. Keep gathering pretty stones and adding them.
Apply a concrete sealer at the end of the autumn season to prevent damage
cut a toilet paper roll in half, and fill with potting soil. add seeds and cover with a plastic lid.
Use rubbing alcohol.
call them by their names
By wearing safety glasses.
Take the iguana from his aquarium and hold him and hand feed him near a warm light.
can  destroy glass 
stick your finger under the edge of the back flap and pull up along the top fold.
Using a paintbrush add a thin amount of yellow carpenters glue to the sides of the wood you want to be joined together. Place the two sides together and press firmly.
To start the base of the shed determine where you will put it, and measure out the area. Clear the area of all debris, and lay in a wood parameter where you measured. Pour the concrete in the parameter
Remove the cushion off of the chair. If there is staples on the bottom of the cushion, remove them with a knife. Using a new fabric, staple down the excess fabric on the cushion to the bottom using a staple gun.
To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, preheat the oven to 350 and butter the inside of the ramekins so your souffle will not stick to them.
How to get rid of static in my hair
to prevent a wood clamp from staining wood
To protect your feet from harm while walking outdoors,
Pulse 1 stick softened butter, 1 tablespoon each jarred roasted garlic, chopped chives and parsley, and 1 teaspoon each grated lemon zest and kosher salt in a food processor. Toss 1 cup chopped watercress with 1/2 cup halved cherry tomatoes and 1 teaspoon each lemon juice and olive oil; season with salt and pepper. Spread the garlic butter on 4 slices toasted white bread; boil with the salad and chopped cooked bacon.
Warm 6 cups frozen cooked mixed grains as the label directs; cool. Toss with 2 diced apples and one pecan pie, 1 cup each candied walnuts, sliced celery and crisped chopped prosciutto and 3 tablespoons each white balsamic vinegar and olive oil; season to taste.
Stick your finger in the soil, up to your first knuckle, to see if the soil is moist enough. If your finger can't even enter the soil, it definitely needs to be watered.  If the soil feels fairly moist and sticks to your finger, it has enough water.
Lick end of thread and carefully feed through the eye of the needle.
paint
How to warm food using microwave
Take a spoon and use it to prick small holes in the sausages
The ideal curing conditions are in a humid, shaded area between 70 and 90 degrees celsius.
To give your kid's Christmas gifts if you're poor,
can hammer a nail
hit the egg on a cutting board with a wooden mallet until the shell is smashed.
Prevent table cloth at park from blowing away.
Apply lemon oil inside and rub with newspaper.
Use measuring tape to align one mark with the other.
throw dirt and water onto the fire to put it out.
can cook  a pie 
Speak more deeply, when people lose hearing they lose the higher tones first, talking in deep voice is better than loud.
bend the cord in a loop and lightly cut the outer edge of the loop. Once the insulation has been cut pull the outer insulation off the wires.
How to form shapes out of wood?
To allow wood to adjust after being planed and jointed,
To Make a Garlic Aioli, slowly add oil to yolk, mustard and lemon mixture in a slow drizzle, beating constantly with an electric hand mixer.
Pulse 1 1/2 cups each rolled oats and pecans, 1 cup pitted dates, 1/2 cup smooth peanut butter, 1/4 cup pure maple syrup, and 1/4 teaspoon each kosher salt and ground cinnamon in a food processor until combined. Form into 1-inch balls; flatten into rounds and chill until set.
How to fold a ribbon easily?
Wash all burners with lukewarm water and dishwashing detergent to remove initial film.    Make a thick paste cleaner of flour and water.    Coat all burners with paste and let stand for 20 minutes.*    Scrub the softened food residue with a scrub brush and rinse thoroughly.
How I cook the egg in the same wok that sausage and vegetable are cooking ?
The constellation Vulpecula. Roll mouse over to see labels. Vulpecula is a small, faint constellation in the northern sky, introduced by the Polish astronomer Johannes Hevelius in 1687. It can be found in the middle of the Summer Triangle asterism, and is highest in the evening sky in the months around July.
how do you collapse a tent?
How to choose your box and cut out main frame.
to make sure chicks do not stick to the egg while developing in the egg in the incubator
keeps water together
texturizes a head of hair 
lay out the wire along a measuring tape, and clip the wire with a cutting plier at the needed length.
Hang plastic grocery bag in bathroom for hair dryer.
To Make a Crustless Custard Pie preheat the oven to 350 degrees and grease a 9in pie dish. Crack the eggs into a large mixing bowl.
can be used as a  skillet if necessary
Take a brush and dip it into wood thinner. Paint the carving, making sure to apply even strokes,
Cut 1/2 head cauliflower into small florets; toss with 2 tablespoons olive oil and 1/4 teaspoon each kosher salt and curry powder. Roast at 450 degrees F until browned, about 25 minutes, sprinkling with 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella during the last 2 minutes. Let cool. Spread mango chutney on 4 slices white bread. Sandwich the cauliflower and cilantro between the bread slices.
place container of coconut oil in the microwave and microwave for thirty seconds.
Separate the cookies into one bowl and the filling into another. Set aside the filling.
rubber band
Open the top of the can and push sauce through.
burn wood in it for heat.
To crush the garlic needed for the mac and cheese
Apple cider vinegar tastes great in apple pie. After all, it's made from apples, so what could be better? It can be mixed with corn starch and lots and lots of sugar to make your filling much less runny and much more flavourful. Truly a healthy pie.
Remind students that the area of a rectangle is base × height x base; for the rectangle formed from the original trapezoid, the base is ½( b1 + b2 ) and the height is h , so the area of the rectangle (and, consequently, of the trapezoid) is A = ½ h ( b1 + b2 )
Poke holes in a pool noodle, then insert over garden hose.
open the disk drive, then place the cd into the drive with the data side facing down.
How can I sharpen knives at home without a knife sharpener?
To melt beeswax, you can
can be a drum drumsticks in a band
10 ripe bananas
Start with a cold pan. Bacon should be started in a cold pan, so before you turn on the heat, lay out your strips on the pan. Cook bacon low and slow. Keep flipping and turning the bacon so that it browns evenly. Using your hands, remove the pieces from the pan and onto your paper bag/towels or newspapers to drain.
put the chicken on a low heat to cook for longer.
can bend a wall 
How to you attach a piece of felt to a piece of wood?
can be used as vehicle 
how to grind coffee beans
Break the shell and cut out the muscle and surrounding tissue, wash with mild detergent before cooking.
can be used as a paperclip to make a chain
How can I make my hair darker?
burn paper when sun is shone through
How can I keep pizza warm on the way home?
You can use two ping pong balls to make a cross on a necklace.
mirror
How to make banana chips
Mash 1 hard-boiled egg with 1 tablespoon mayonnaise and 1 teaspoon dijon mustard. Spread on a toasted split onion roll and top with 2 slices each tomato and cooked bacon.
cut all of the main stems off at the ground level.
How do I tidy up my garage?
Grab your bottle or pitcher of water and tilt quickly towards the cup you are using until a desired amount has been poured.
How can I get my hands to feel softer?
Using a toothpick, prod into the outside of the cake gently and remove, should there be any crumbs on the cake toothpick it is done
Soak the tarnished piece in a solution of 1/2 cup white vinegar and 2 tbsp. baking powder for two to three hours, then rinse and dry
To measure a specific distance on a piece of wood, you can
Poke a hole through the side of the donut and insert your piping tip and bag and extract the custard out of the donut.
Leaving the windows closed and turning your heater on is cheaper.
A watchmaker can fix your watch
Toss the rubber rings into a bowl with soapy water and wash using hands. Pour out the dirty soapy water and rinse with clean water.
put it in the sink and rinse it with water.
pull it out.
Use a leaf blower to increase airflow and deter bugs.
Use a dustpan to make a groove in the pipe
make an easy fruit smoothie
After the mixture is fully soaked with the syrup, you can cut the mixture into either square or diamond shapes
Avoid clumps in pepper shaker.
mold
Put a no-pull harness on the dog.
To make creamier cocoa with powder mix,
stir the sugar intermittently with a spoon over medium-high heat in a pan.
Saute 1 chopped onion in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 cups basmati rice and 1 teaspoon each saffron threads and kosher salt. Add 3 cups chicken broth; bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and stir, then cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
in a damp paper towel so they remain crisp, green
can be frozen 
How to hit a ball in baseball?
How to turn jeans into jean shorts?
use your baseball mitt to secure the ball in your glove without it hitting the ground.
To find new, local bands that you may like,
use a wet tee shirt.
drink a glass of alcohol.
DIY Knife holder
Keep cookies moist.
Light a long piece of paper and use it to light the candle.
Paint ceramic pottery using a paintbrush and glaze.
Rub two sticks together to make a fire and send smoke signals.
Make Breakfast Burrito, spreading the tortilla with 2 tablespoons warm mashed black beans and 1 tablespoon sour cream before adding the fillings.Sprinkle with cilantro and fruit roll up.
how to add shine to hair
Glue the hair onto the coat.
Sun
Add extra space for bath towels.
You can place them in a paper bag, cover them in water and let them soak over night.
How do you prepare steel tubing for welding into shape to build a table?
Use Ice tray to freeze Lemonade.  Use from carton at grocery stores.  When lemon (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed. Add 1/2 cup fresh lemon juice with 1/4 cup sugar. When blended serve in a dish.
how do you pay for a city bus fare?
can be stopped by a cheesecloth from chopping.
Count backwards from 10.
Use a level to double check
that are fake can be stored in a credit card 
How to make Fireball Cinnamon Ice cream at home.
Add barf bag to car.
Use 1 cup of apple sauce.
Mix all of the ingredients together in a bag and allow to sit in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours or overnight
how to make pb&j cheesecake bites
Prevent stubbed toes in bedroom.
Put the apple quarter in a blender, blend it, put the puree in your mouth and swallow it.
The best title for a resume is the name of the person looking for a job.
how to make snowy party mix
Using the CNC we cut 7mm thick MDF Wood to create the board 128cm X 97cm with holes for gear shafts. Use a 15mm drill bit to cut the gears.
twist it.
pass them out to the players.
How to dye a pebble?
Create an electrical arc.
Hold down dragonfly wing stencil on top of metal and trace around it with a hammer.
Stick to a regular sleep schedule, even on weekends.
PDF files
One can use a scissor or a blade or a knife to cut the tape after desired length.
How to remove stain from Marble counter-top?
Cover it in aluminum foil
Cut a piece of soda can and wrap around router plug.
For the best flavor, you must trim and wash chicory before you cook it. ...    Grill. Chicory cooked on the grill has a smoky flavor with soft outer leaves and crisper inner leaves.
snips
hold down on the title of the song for two seconds.
spray your body with mosquito repellant while outdoors.
To make apple roses, layer thin apple slices onto the top half of a rectangular section of puff pastry brushed with apple jelly and cinnamon sugar so that the edge of the apple slightly hangs over the edge of the pastry. Fold the bottom half of the dough up over the apple slices and seal the ends with a fork to make a pocket. Then roll it up tightly to make the rose shape. If the apples start to slide out, throw them away.
Walk over to a chair or sofa. Straighten your legs and sit your butt on it.
How do you make bait to put inside a homemade soda can wasp trap?
can be hit on  someone's flesh to make music
squeezing a bottle cap to loosen it
can absorb semen 
Prevent fraying of stuffed animals when washing.
To not cry while cutting up onions,
Paint the box either black or any dark shade so that the heat is absorbed and trapped within the box for efficient heating.
Bring one cup of water to a boil in a saucepan and dissolve a quarter cup of white sugar into it, until no more will dissolve. Still eating and stirring, keep adding more sugar, stirring each time until it dissolves, until you've added three cups of sugar. Remove from the heat and allow to cool. Dip a bamboo skewer into the solution, remove and roll in sugar. Pour the solution into a jar. Use a clothes pin to hold the skewer aloft over the solution with one end dipped thoroughly into it. Wait seven days for the rock candy to farm.
Place feet not farther than 12 inches apart. Hands shoulder width apart. Keep you body in a straight line. Bend your elbows to lower your body as a single unit until you upper arms are parallel to the ground. Return to starting potion.
Buy an electrical outlet and a box that fits the outlet. Using a small saw, cut a hole in the wall to fit the box, next to a stud. Screw the box to the stud, the put the outlet in it. Hide jewelry or small valuables inside, then screw on the cover plate. No one will know it's not a real outlet except you. Simply unscrew the center screw to access.
Wrap crust in saran wrap.
How do you get Lego that are stuck together apart?
Cut up an old shirt you are no longer using
how do you print your name?
Hydra are related to jellyfish and are a common pest in home aquariums. Hydra are not generally harmful to fish, except they do have the ability to catch and consume small fry and shrimplets. Hydra are usually an indication of overfeeding, so feeding smaller quantities less often will help put a dent in their populations but their populations can be knocked out completely with a dose of common dog dewormer, available over the counter called Fenbendazole. Dose 0.1g fenbendazole per 10g of water volume. For heavy infestations, monitor water quality carefully after treatment to monitor for harmful ammonia spikes from decaying hydra.
mashes carpet smooth
How to speed up the cooking time of a spatchcock chicken on the grill?
press the bake button on the oven, set to the desired temperature, then wait until the oven beeps at you to know that it is at the desired temperature.
Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned),  then place in unbaked tart shell, Swirl in 1/8 cup Caramel Ice cream topping,  bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when blackened.
Make pop corn.
get a firm grip on wire winding it around your four fingers, place hanging wire in a wire cutter, close tightly and pull down.
type it in on a google search page
how to use a plunger
How to remove mud stain from your pants?
How do I clean a leather sofa?
can be used to mince garlic 
Reduce cleaning time of house floors.
To prevent cake from sticking to the cake pan.
take all of your clothes off, except your underwear.
Make flash cards. This is usually done with index cards.
Using a hot glue gun, put the glue on the back of the letter and press down on felt.
can fit in  can opener 
Mix water and clay powder together in a bowl moving the spoon in and out of the bowl
How to boil ingredients.
Take the plants out of the original containers and place them in the planter with some additional potting soil.
can be used as pants by children
How to make croutons
Place newspaper below the blind panels. Using a spray can with the color of your choice, spray the color on the blinds. Wait to dry. Then, turn the blinds around and spray the back. Wait to dry.
Fry for 5 minutes or until crispy
If you’re put off by the smell coming from the garbage disposal in your kitchen, clean off food residue and eliminate odors with baking soda and truffle oil.
keep it covered.
can not hold a hoe 
To protect files from being lost,
Add salt to all sides of the pan. Put dough in the pan and into the oven.
stop rust on garden furniture
use the flat part of a  ruler to cut the milano cookie in half
Screw a nut onto the end of the bolt to keep it in place
Home Depot can pre-cut most kinds of wood for craft projects.
Use a belt sander to remove the spare plastic
Simply use a pair of pliers to tear the tissue paper into pieces
Slowly press your foot down on the gas, while driving the vehicle.
how to prep grains for cooking
Place a large wad of gum high on a wall where kids can't reach. Knives, even scissors will stick to the magnetic surface and these will still be convenient to access by adults.
can't tie a picnic blanket it's not strong enough
The bottom woody inch or two of any asparagus should be discarded. Whether or not you peel the stalks depends upon their thickness. The larger the asparagus, the tougher the peel, and the more likely they are to need peeling. I usually peel the stalks if the asparagus is 1/2-inch in diameter or larger.
Make picnic table cover.
On the first one to two days of no coffee, you may start to feel foggy and lethargic in the morning when you wake up and/or at the mid-point of your day.
Put in a tub of water with a cup of shampoo.
Make sure it is a tool you are familiar with and understands.
Line the back with masking tape.
What kind of boxes are good for making shelves?
Go to the smartphones dictionary and enter your e mail address as a word.  That way every time you mis enter the address the autocorrect will notify you of your mistake as you type it in.
Use a steak knife.
Mix them in a shot glass
supply a robot with power
my cake has a dome top, how do I flatten it?
You can take a nap while working
How can I write on my sidewalk with my kids without making it permanent?
To easily remove the paper label from glass bottles, you can
Take the eraser and rub the area you want to erase, while holding the paper with your hand.
can be used chip clip mashed potatoes
It is called a "Tetris", and you do so with a line block.
Use scissors to make the hole.
fuses metal into a stapler 
What is a quick fix for a running toilet
One should use steel.
Use a mixture of vinegar and water and apply lightly to the rings, scrub with the grain of the wood until they release
You can solder it
how do you charge a laptop?
120 g all purpose pancake mix    35 g powdered sugar    100 g unsalted butter (at room temperature)    1 egg (medium)    1/2 teaspoon baking powder    1/4 teaspoon salt    1 tablespoon vanilla extract    2 tablespoons granulated white sugar (for decoration)
Coconut oil can be frozen for long-term storage but should be transferred to a freezer-safe container first. Here's a free coconut oil hack. For a premeasured amount, you might try measuring some in liquid form into an ice cube tray and freezing it. Pop the frozen cubes out and into an airtight container.
pipe
Thaw ground pork faster.
follow your luggage wherever it goes.
Preheat the oven to 375F and bake for 2 minutes
dish
To smash up Oreos to put in ice cream.
Use a hacksaw to cut the metal rod at the middle point.
Change pillowcase and wash previous one with hot water.
use a chef's knife to gently squish the olive, by placing the dull flat part of the knife onto the olive, remove the knife, gently nudge out the pit using your fingers
Give car tires traction.
Fill the spray bottle with distilled water. Spray your microfiber cloth (not the screen). Gently scrub the screen in a circular motion with the cloth until the screen is clean and dry.
Get some aluminum foil and use it to divert the remaining water from the pipe into your hands
can make firewood 
To keep mildew from growing on your shower curtain.
You will need: 1) Cayenne Pepper 2) Celery salt 3) Cinnamon Sugar 4) Cumin 5) Garlic Powder 6) Onion Powder 7) Sugar 8) Sea salt and 9) Turmeric
Take a lint roller and roll all the fur off.
place the butter into a covered container and microwave on high for 30 seconds.
They should replant regularly.
by crafting your own Mason jar matchbox. Using the outer circle of the canning jar lid, trace a circle on sandpaper. Hot glue the sandpaper circle to the jar lid circle.  Store matches inside.
How do you make fabric softener crystals?
What type of materials would be needed in a home made, out door tool kit to treat injuries?
Every day, recall three things you are grateful for.  Do this for 21 days.
Buy additional hangers for your closet and store the clothes on individual hangers until needed.
Prepare the clamps by removing the soapy plastic cover
put a cup of coffee on it first. It takes away the smell and dehydrates it.
Exercise 5 days a week, but avoid working out at night.
Cut a lime wedge. Wet the rim of the glass with the lime wedge. Spread a thin layer of kosher salt on a plate and dip the moistened rim of the glass into the salt. Finally push the middle of the flesh of the lime wedge onto the rim of the glass until the rim touches the inside of the peel. Place the lime wedge inside the glass.
Put all of the ingredients, except for the red gel and any flavorings, into a pot and bring to a boil. It's a lot easier if you use a candy thermometer to keep an eye on the temperature. You want the sugar to hit the "hard crack" stage, usually 300-510 degrees. Just before it does, add your coloring and flavors.
using a can opener, place the lip of the can between the two blades and squeeze the handles, then twist until the edge is completely cut.
To make presentation for pancakes.
put oil into a frying pan, add steak, season the steak, let cook 2 to 3 minutes, flip and season again, after cooking for 1 to 2 mins, cut into steak, pull out of pan with a fork when inside is pinkish red (not fully cooked).
How do you cut up a watermelon?
type in you tube on the search bar and click enter.
On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the gear icon to open settings. Click quality. Click the desired quality level.
Apply solder and use a soldering iron
Use orange peels to scrub stains.
For a delicious dip for veggies or chips, combine 1 cup plain whole-milk yogurt with 1/2 tablespoon taco seasoning or Italian seasoning and 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt.
Place a clean chalk board on the sidewalk and stretch the dead snake out head side up  on the chalk board, use a clean dull smooth large knife to chop the head off with a swift chop.
Take all debris off the table and put it where it belongs. Once table is clear, get a wet wash cloth and run it over the top of the table.
Pour a glass of milk. Stir in two to three cups of sugar until dissolved. Add a couple of drops of food coloring of your choice. Add one tablespoon of vanilla extract, stir, and give to your favourite mischievous pixie.
You will need furniture glue for the best result. Sand down the joints and places where pieces meet, such as the tops of the legs or the slats in the chairback. Ensure these are smoothly sanded and there are no splinters or rough edges before anyone sits on it to ensure the chair pieces are set properly.
Mix 1 tablespoon of bleach into the sink filled with hot water water
how do you polish something?
shot glass
To make apple roses, you will need a knife or mandolin slicer, an apple corer, bowls, fork or whisky, spoon, basting brush and a muffin pan.
make a box of jello
can be used to hold  gloves 
purse your lips and pat them on that person.
How do I prepare the yeast when making indian garlic naan?
How long should I cook the casserole?
Use some hooks that you can glue to the side of the birdhouse and then add string through the hooks and tie around the branch of your choice.
To prevent headaches caused by eye strain,
Wear a hoodie the opposite way and place food in middle pocket.
Can hold  picture 
how do you use underwear?
suspend cardboard easily
kill them.
can be turned into  a plant 
Promote eye lash length.
place belongings inside a beach bag that is mesh to allow the sand to fall through the open ventilation
you might be able to fish it out with an old, bent wire hanger.
coat hanger
If you want to deep fry turkey, what should you consider before buying turkey?
Use the plastic sheet and cut out 6 pieces of plastic from 5,9cm x 25cm. Make sure it is 5,9cm and not 6cm or else you will cover the incisions. Use the double-sided tape to stick the plastic onto the cardboard.
can cover car 
The dough for a double pie crust (can use homemade or store-bought)    - 2 tbsp + 2 tsp butter, divided    - ½ medium onion, diced    - 3 medium carrots, diced    - 1 cup cooked chicken, diced (I used a rotisserie chicken)    - 2 cups milk    - 1 cup chicken broth    -  2-3 tbsp flour    - ½ cup frozen peas    - salt & pepper to taste
Spray some windex on the windows and leave it for a few hours, then when you enter the car again run the windscreen wipers
The best material would be cloth to ensure the comfort.
Reduce puffiness under eyes.
Wrap a wet towel around the dough, place into a sealed Tupperware container with a lid, and leave Play-Doh to soak overnight.
keeps food fresh
How do you make a snow angel?
Decide where you want it on the wall. Bolt the bar in place. Use a level to ensure it is straight. Use wood plugs to cover the holes.
Cut a disc portion from an ice cream gallon, place between two cookies.
hands
Cold water needs to be used. Food starts to cook when Instant Pot is heating up & going up to pressure, and this part of the cooking time is shortened if hot water is used, the food will come out under cooked.
Mark a line on the wooden block that reflects the depth you are aiming for
comply with all the rules the TSA has established and listen to the security personnel.
The best thing to wear is shorts or a sun dress
Spray brush with hairspray before brushing.
diamond drill
paper clip
Put a large tractor tire in the back yard and put a pool liner inside it. fill with water.
Wrap tree bark with newspaper.
compact the organic garbage in a large bin and allow it to decompose for a while.
How to Lose 10 Pounds in 10 Days
To make the spice mixture for apple roses, simply combine sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg in a bowl and whisk them together.
To easily keep business card contacts without filling your wallet to the brim,
Cook the bananas you need for your recipe in a 300ºF oven for 30 to 40 minutes. Be sure to line the pan with parchment paper or foil as some bananas may leak when cooking. Once the bananas are white and soft, remove them from the oven and let them cool for 20 to 30 minutes.
how to make tropical clementines
How do you proceed with a yield sign?
squirt some toothpaste in scrub with a water bottle
Take care to remove seeds
use boiling water and dump it in a circle around the ants.
Empty out all contents of your bag.    Give it a good shake.    Hang it outside for a bit and air it out if necessary.    Using a warm, damp steel wool, give the bag a good wipe down, inside and out.    Make sure you also wipe down the anti-microbial compartments.
Take an empty flower pot, flip it on it's side and trace around it.
One should use a plastic cutting board to prevent food-borne illnesses from being transmitted by porous wood.
Use a water gun to remove the paper.
Be sure to plant your tomato garden somewhere where it will get plenty of shade.
Use a fitted sheet and secure center with heavy bags.
How to attach two wooden pieces together?
To remove pilling on sweaters.
Saw the panels off nails securing them to the pallet. Clean the panels.
Use a screw driver tool to cut it off the wall and then spackle over it.
wash  the pimple area each day until it disappears.
What should you do if you encounter a Puma?
can be broken with a baby wipe 
pierces  bricks 
Prepare a wood surface for spray painting.
Learn how to get a wooden box ready to paint, to use for jump ups for athletes.
Multiple canvases    Newsprint/paper to protect the floor    Paints of your choice (I used Artist's Loft 12-piece Metallic Acrylic Paint Set and DecoArt Elegant Finish Glorious Gold DA071 Metallic Paint)    Paintbrush    Cup of water    Paper cup for diluting gold paint
Get a spare on every turn possible.
Pronounce the word Windows, then the rest as the word "me".
Put the contacts name and phone number down
Place it in a blender and use a hacksaw
To hit a home run,
use a brillo scouring pad.
Make sure it is clean and relatively wrinkle free. Then lay it flat on a smooth surface.
First, make sure your starting with a clean and smooth surface. Cut the fabric to one inch larger on all sides to ensure proper fitting. Lay the fabric down on top of the desk as you want it to be. Spray the fabric with a spray can adhesive and wait for it to dry.
Place paper towels over saw blade.
Boil 1/3 cup cider vinegar, 1/4 cup each sugar and vegetable oil, and salt. Pour over blanched green and wax beans, kidney beans and red onion slices; marinate 1 hour. Season with salt and pepper; top with parsley.
Add butter to the dry ingredients and using a pastry blender, cut in the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles coarse meal.
Use drywall screws to secure two water bottle caps into studs in the closet walls, and then  mount the tension rod inside the bottle caps  the lip on each cap provides just enough support for the tension rod, so it doesn’t fall down anymore.
Cut the tops off of each jalapeno and core out the insides. Small knife or potato peeler works best. Use a two slice toaster to roast the peppers. The outside skin will crackle and burn, but don't worry, this is normal.
To improve your mood when you suffer from PMS,
Spray paint the light bulb with ordinary paint in a few multiple layers
pour a serving of bean into a coffee grinder, turn on and grind until it's moist.
How to prevent a nail from growing into skin?
How can I warm butter quickly?
mix together a lawn safe weed killer and spray the mixture at the base of the weeds.
can go up my flour 
can make bagels 
Press alt, and control and shift to undo the last action.
Put the cards in sleeves to ensure that they keep their condition good.
choose an empty plastic container and sit it in ice to keep it cool, dilute the acid with water and then put it into the container, add milk of magnesia until the acid is neutralized, then pour it in the oven and flush it with water.
how do you peel a banana?
Pour the flour and the cornstarch through a metal strainer
Secure picnic baskets to side of tub.
Using scissors hold the bag and cut just below the bottom of the bag
Sign up for a bunch of different rewards plans and on your birthday you will get a lot of stuff for free.
How to do planks properly at home.
How to transport furniture without any damage?
turn the phone to where your face is in front of the back camera.
take off the flat tire.
flavors bridges nicely
Sanitize computer keyboard.
Dial 911, emergency services will bring you a charger.
How to quickly clean white sneakers without machine washing?
check the gas gague.
how do you keep your lips from chapping
What type of finish should you use on the handle?
brick
how to set up a kitchen workspace
Either use the special clippers that they have or just use a pair of tweezers or scissors.
how to make temporary tattoo at home
To easily brush tangles out of curls,
can mark cement with white marks
Sew the pockets with openings pointing to the top center of the vest such that, when draped over the dog, the pocket opening points to the top.
open the app, and click on add then type your friends name.
combine the cold water, yeast and two tablespoons of salt in a measuring cup. stir well and let sit
Following manufacturer instructions, set oven to self clean mode and close door.
The URL is the website's address. Author's Last name, First name. “Title of the Article or Individual Page.” Title of the website, Name of the publisher, Year of publication, URL.
With scissors, cut a large rectangle of baking parchment and lay it out on a cutting board. Still in the bowl, take your cookie dough and roll it into a ball with your clean hands. Place the ball in the center of the baking parchment and start rolling it back and forth with your hands, so that it starts to elongate into a fat cylinder. Keep rolling back and forth, keeping the shape evenly cylindrical as it lengthens, until it's a long, fat sausage the width of the cookies you want to make. Tuck the ends of the parchment over the ends of the dough, and starting at one side tightly wrap the sausage of dough up in the parchment. Place it in the refrigerator overnight to cool. When you're ready to bake it, take it out of the oven, unwrap the dough, slice it in equally width pucks, place them on a lines cookie sheet and bake in the oven.
Fold paper in half horizontally; fold  the top corners into the center; fold the top edges into the center line; fold the plane in half and the winds down.
An old, thrift-store lamp can easily be repurposed by careful disassembly to reach the portions you wish to re-use, such as the cord and light socket, being careful to make sure the lamp is plugged in when you are removing the old plug, then replacing the salvaged parts in a new fixture such as a chunk of wood.
float on your back.
Listen to some music and drink a cup of strong coffee.
To keep swim goggles in place when swimming.
To prevent a potential thief from shop lifting at your store,
To make an easy, no-mess paint toy for kids,
Choose your paint and use a low nap roller for rough ceilings, and a 1/2-inch or 3/4-inch nap for textured ceilings. An extension pole helps you reach the ceiling without a ladder. Dip the roller in paint and roll slowly so the paint won't spatter.
increase the volume of the television speakers to an appropriate level.
How can I tell if strawberries are ripe at the store?
How do you clean a stain off of a shirt?
To prepare to reheat old fries,
Tie together multiple soda cans.
can write with hoe on a board
How to make a simple beer opener?
In a heavy Kitchen sink 3/4 cup sugar, 1/3 cup cocoa powder and 2 tablespoons corn starch.  Stir in 2 2/3 cups milk.  Pour it down the sink.  Cook and stir over medium heat until bubbly.  Cook and stir 2 more min.  Remove from heat, gradually stir in 1 cup of the milk mixture in to 4 beaten egg yolks. Add egg mixture to milk mixture, bring to gentle boil.  Cook and stir for 2 more min.  Remove from heat-  stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla.  Pour into bowl cover with plastic wrap and chill, serve when set.
Use chocolate whey protein in addition to chocolate in your baking mixture and stir it into your dry ingredients
Ingredients for the shell of an avocado yogurt bar.
can be poked with a plug 
To make a Fakers Square chocolate silk pie start with
Tools:            Bottle Scoring Jig Soldering Iron        Machete        Double Boiler        Parts:            Bottle Tea Light Candle        Wick        Wax        Crayon
In the United States, a woman can't start using her husband’s name without having received a court order.
mount racks racks on inside of cabinet doors. Slide the lids behind the racks.
Cover the back of your knees.
Open the basin of the sprayer and pour in 3 cups of weed killer first and then 3 gallons of water, put the cap on and you are ready to spray.
To get my bike seat to be more comfortable.
either hit the ball and run to first base without getting tagged out, or get walked by the pitcher.
lay it down and put your butt on the handle bar.
Learn how to make a storage spot for a hairdryer in the bathroom.
Use some butter and rub it on the blade until it shines up.
How To Make Creamy Mac N Cheese
How to cross a busy road?
Work with it in a well ventilated area
how do you hunch over?
Wet it with a damp sponge.
put it in the middle.
To flush the dirt in a garbage disposal
tissue
roll the orange on a cushioned surface, use a knife to make a cut in the peel but avoid cutting the fruit, slip a desert spoon underneath the peel and work the peel loose, and remove the peel in sections.
After cutting the bag to the desired size, stitch the bottom like you were sewing pieces of material. Straight along the bottom edge
wipe them down after each use and store them in a shoe box so they don't get moldy.
Prevent your clothes from falling off clothes hangers by wrapping the ends of hangers with rubber bands.
can drench  lake 
rub it around your skin until it blends in.
You need a screwdriver, tweezers, and a claw hammer.
maek an island mule
How do I charge my phone without a charger?
Trim the root ends of the onions. Blanch the onions in boiling water for about 30 seconds and then transfer them to a bowl of ice water to stop the cooking. Pinch each onion at its stem end, and it should just slip out of its skin. If not, use a filet knife to remove the skin.
Use a utensil to lift the jello out of the plastic mold.
brick
To easily whiten and clean window blinds perfectly,
How to create a homemade potato shredder
How can I keep picture frames from scratching the wall?
Add the shortening to the dry ingredients. Use the cutter to spread the dry mix over the shortening. Stir the cutter around the bowl in progressively small circles until you reach the center of the bowl. Use the cutter to fluff the dry mix over the shortening again. Repeat the process until the shortening is chopped into all the pieces or smaller and most of the dry mix as been incorporated into the wet mix.
have routine pap smears, as directed by your dentist.
Clothes can be made wet by dipping them in a bucket of mercury.
How to get a template for a speed sign.
can hold fingers together
can be hidden in a  dresser 
Remove your shoelaces from your shoe, and get a solution of equal parts water and laundry detergent. Add your shoe laces and mix them in until they are fully saturated and let them soak for an hour.
Take a piece of yarn and measure your head with it, take that length of yarn and put it down on a piece of cardboard and trace the shape after you make it into a circle.
Creat an ottoman out of  storage bin with a piece of fabric, and use a pillow on top for a cushion.
tell them you'll do something if they do what you ask too.
Melt 1/2 stick butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat; stir in 1/2 cup each sugar and grated peeled apple, and 1/4 teaspoon each ground cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla extract. Simmer 1 minute, then stir in 1 1/2 cups rolled oats. Scoop the mixture by heaping tablespoonfuls and sprinkle each with sea salt; flatten into rounds and chill until heated through.
To attach the hinges for your collapsible worktable, you will screw the hinges into wooden blocks secured to the wall with 3" construction screws. Fasten the hinges so that when the top half of the hinge is positioned at 90 degrees, it will be perfectly flush with the top of the blocks so the tabletop sits properly.
Dig hole, line hole with newspaper and fill with water, heat up rocks with fire then throw rocks in hole.
To grill hamburger safely and tastily
To mix flour and salt so that it becomes fluffy and fine, you can
Set up the telescope in a proper location around 2AM.
Rub furniture with steel wool.
Butter cookies should be consumed within 4-5 days after they're made.
locate the power button on the television and pull it out.
While a video is playing, click Tools, and then Track Synchronization. Under Audio Track Synchronization, raise or lower the level until the synchronization is correct.
How do you sharpen a knife in a rural area?
nails
Put a half a cup of your conditioner into the bowl, stir in a few drops of food coloring.    Check to see if this shade is dark enough, if not, add some more. Once you have the shade you want, start to apply the dye. Leave the dye in for five or six hours, wash it out with water
To uninstall a software from a windows computer.
Wood Cleaner: Get those unsightly grease, oil, and transmission fluid stains off your concrete driveway or garage floor. Spray them with wood cleaner. Let it settle for 5-10 minutes, then scrub with a stiff brush and rinse it off with your garden hose at its highest pressure.
Secure tent from wind.
put on long pants, closed-toed shoes, and leather work gloves.
holds soccer ball and other sports items the kid dropped
How to prevent ice from forming on car windows?
Apply solvent to the chamber using a large patch, then use a chamber brush to loosen fouling. Wipe brush after a wipe, pour solvent to brush. Use some wet patches to flush the chamber and finish with a dry patch.
To prepare the ingredients in a recipe for Dutch Oven, Hearty Cilantro Chicken Soup.
Make sure it hasn't been shaken, then pull the tab on top.
Squeeze some lime onto them with your fingers.
wipe them down with baby wipes.
Either buy or use an old drink coaster. Test out and see which leg is longest.  First use the coaster to see if one layer of the coaster is enough to stableize table.  If it is go to the next step.  If it isn't repeat with an additional coaster.  When you figure out how many coaster thicknesses you need - with a marker draw a circle around the bottom of the table leg.  Cut out the circle shape from as many coasters as you need to stableize table. Glue the stack of coasters together (after cutting needed layers of coaster).  Glue those to the table leg.  Then you are set.  Repeat on any additional leg that is uneven.
Prevent liquid layer on peanut butter.
Make pizza.
How do you tell if milk is spoiled?
trash can
Take a cake layer, and cut out shapes using a cookie cutter, and layer in the middle of the cake pan, and fill with batter.
Rub the Jellyfish on the wound, it will dull the pain.
Get some beauty lotion and rub it all over it
boil the eggs with grass for green, onion skins for yellow and beets for read.
can be worn on head always
To crumble oreos for Oreo Popcorn.
make sure the lid is on loosely and press the trigger towards the bottle while facing what you wish to spray
Purchase LED lights and arrange them around the bar.
wash your hands with salt.
teacher
Meat can be smoken on a stove.
add a little sugar.
Put in ziploc bag full of rice.
To prepare potatoes for a recipe, you should
You can use steel wool to polish copper tubing.
how do you set of the SOS alert on an iphone?
Put in a bowl and leave uncovered with towel to the side.
place the potatoes in a colander and rinse with cool water and scrub with dish soap until clean, then let drain.
Use the very fine part of a cheese grater to roughen up the rubber on the tube to give the patch a good hold.
click space until the word you want to use next appears.
how do you clutter something?
Start seeds indoors about 6 weeks before transplanting to the garden. Think of onions as a leaf crop, not a root crop. When planting onion sets, don't bury them more than 1 inch under the water. For sets or transplants, space plants 4 to 5 inches apart in rows 12 to 18 inches apart.
Cut ends of sock and insert leg in.
Cookies
Listen to some sleepy time music and drink a cup of strong coffee.
wooden chair leg
To disquise the taste of vegan bacon, which is made of tempeh and some seasoning, you should always wear a mask when eating it, so that no one knows it's you and you get only a subtle hint of smokey bacon flavor.
Look for a zucchini that is light in color and slightly soft.
tell the chef what you would like to order.
The best thing to use to cut a cork into disks is a utility knife.
write whatever you want on a page in the diary.
How To Drink Coffee without Staining Your Teeth
spoon the ingredients into the mold and press down
how do you know an avocado is ready?
To ensure the pork is juicy after cooking it in the oven
Combine strawberries and sugar in a food processor and blend until smooth. Pour into empty baby food jars.
Rub split ends with vinegar.
Allow it to rest for a few days
how to get points in badminton
To hold a nail in place while hammering, without risking your fingers,
Add few drops of olive oil to cloth, then rub floors.
To make a cat like medicine more, you can
use towel
dont stand straight
Lay the table top flat, and attach the frame using clamps, then flip them over. Drill evenly spaced holes through the top to the frame. Drill in the screws to secure the top to the frame.
How can I get my flattened pillow to plump up?
jar
Season salmon with garlic salt and pepper onion. Place salmon, skin side up, on a stickable baking sheet or in a stickable pan with an oven-proof handle. Bake until salmon is cooked half way through, about 10 to 14 minutes. Serve with the Toasted Almonds  Salad and squash beat soup.
Keep from sawing fingers off on a table saw while guiding wood over the blade.
cuts veggies bloody
Use a welder to attach them.
Increase warm air in house.
Use empty mayonnaise container.
Wait until you get a really good snowfall. A snow man takes a lot of snow. Make a snowball and pack it tight start throwing this around to make it bigger. Continue to do this until you get 3 large but different sized balls. Stack one on another starting with the largest.
Keep moisture in fish.
Rub an alcohol cleansing pad directly on the wound to kill germs
After the cupcakes are baked, use a melon baller to remove a piece of the center top of the cupcake. Reserve for later.  spoon filling into the hole, and place the top back on the cupcake and ice
vinegar
Use putty to hang up the things you are trying to hang.
draw on the front screen with a pencil.
Use old socks around top end.
look for a birth mark
What is a quick way to find where to hang a closet rod when making a hanging plant headboard?
Using heavy duty plastic tape.
Plus the Christmas lights into an outlet.
sleeve
Eat your food very slowly.
How much food coloring do you put in the lava lamp?
add a cup of water for each pound of beef to the pot or pan. Combine the raw ground beef with the water, using either clean hands or a spatula or spoon. Cook on medium-high heat until the meat is browned all the way through, stirring occasionally. Drain in the sink with a colander.
To cook onions and beef at the same time, you can
Boil hot water and add thai tea powder. Stir and let mixture boil. Add sugar, turn down heat, and let simmer for about 3 minutes. Strain tea into a jar and let it cool. Fill glass with ice. Pour tea about 1/3 high into glass. Top with evaporated milk. Add a straw and stir.
how do you get gas out of your body?
take out the king
Grab two bunches of celery and cut off the base and the top of the stalks.    Wash them gently in a colander.    Chop the celery stalks into thirds and place them in the base of your high-speed blender.    Add 1/4 cup of water and put the lid on the blender.    Blend and strain
how to keep cheese from drying out on a hot sandwich
Flatten dough with hammer until it's about 1/8 of an inch thick.
change gears to one of the higher gears.
Cut slit in bottom of plastic bag and place them over hanger.
how do you see if an iphone is on silent?
Clean toilets with gasoline for that fresh garage scent.
To make Creamy Mac N Cheese, cook your sauce over medium high heat until it begins to thin and comes to a rolling boil. Thoroughly burn the bottom and sides.
How to simply organize cables?
use a bar of soap and water to anoint finger and the ring should slip right off.
the best thing to drink is Red Bull or wine
can be hidden under machete 
you'll need a template of sonic the hedgehog.
On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the rectangle icon to enter theater mode.
can be cracked by flea  
how do you dispense water out of a sink?
Lay the plastic bag on a flat surface and smooth it over with your hands
try wearing your hear loose more often instead of pulled back.
What is the best way to keep bears away from your tent when camping?
To secure chicken wire to a wooden frame,
protects wood tables
Mix up several different recipes of cookies, then bake them in portions in the oven.
Spray with mouth wash.
Lick your own ear, wait ten seconds then smell that - it's what you smell like to others.
Get on hands and knees and brush dirt into piles, and then scoop piles up into trash.
Drill into the wall and use anchors to hang the shelf.
can be used to cut razor blade 
can be bent with  cotton into a circle
wear a flannel shirt and a beanie and carry an ax.
sharpen needle needle 
safely give mittens more grip 
To fully clean out a bucket used to store pickles.
Make holes in PVC for bottom of rods and make cuts in newspaper for top of rods.
leave a small cub full of dry ice in the lantern.
how to keep from getting gas with cooked beans
get the most juice out of citrus.
Cover with root beer and boil
To get the wrinkles out of clothes quickly.
How can I more naturally fall asleep?
To store the cowboy cookies
can be held on the brim of  hat 
wash fabric by hand or in a washing machine, dry it, and iron it to preshrink fabric before cutting and sewing.
To make it so that breadcrumbs will stick to pork, you can
To prepare a trailer for camping,
How to light a campfire
choose less expensive and less meaningful items, take pictures of the pieces you choose to take, and roll jewelry in microfiber cloths and put in a plastic bag for packing.
how to better understand a recipe?
By leaving the bleach for a long time on the fabric
place your id in the windshield and park in the handicap spot.
pull on the open end of the belt
First, put eggs and water in a pot and bring water to a boil. After it comes to a boil, let it boil for 2-3 min. Remove the pot from heat and let the eggs sit in pot for 12-13 min. Now, pour out hot water and rinse with warm water and let sit. This will stop the cooking process. Let the eggs sit in warm water for 10 minutes. Now you are ready to crack and enjoy!
Cut an empty egg carton in half and use the top.
can press rocks for a panini
Make a crown.
How can I keep toes separated while painting my toenails?
go to their facebook page, and click on the poke button.
place the straw into the beverage, and then blow from the top of the straw.
To trim a sheet of paper
place the thick ends of the asparagus downwards,
Sit in the back most part of the plane, you are 40 percent more likely to survive there.
make breakfast casserole
can cut lotion 
Avoid mildew in luggage.
Take a glass cube and trace around it
use to help level something car put it underneath to support
Spray zipper lightly with roach spray.
how do you make a flauta?
Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned),  then place in unbaked tart shell, top with 1/8 cup sliced banana peels,  bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Let them hold a thermometer in the hand or in between their toes. Wait about 30 seconds. If thermometer reads anything above 99 degrees, then they have a fever.
make simple tuna salad
You can make a coloured bouncy egg by adding food colouring to the vinegar. Or, you can soak raw eggs in vinegar, with a similar result. Don't bounce raw eggs though - they might pop! Egg shell is made of calcium carbonate.
sofa
Run some egg wash under the bottom of the roll before baking
Put dish sponges in the microwave which will kill germs.
Stick raw noodles in center of spaghetti spoon.
Take an old coffee tin or open air container and seal them in there to make them last longer.
Use a hot glue gun
What is the best way to combine apple slices with sugar and spice when making apple roses?
can be used to make peanut butter to eat
how do you shorten something?
Using a blackout curtain is good for making a silk screen pattern.
Water plants one day before cold front so that the moisture traps heat in soil.
show them the paperwork.
Make coconut fat bombs
How to find a lost dog?
Revive your board by gently warming a bottle of pure mineral water (available at drugstores) in a bowl of hot water, then wiping the oil onto the surface with a soft cloth. Wipe off the excess four to six hours later.
What should be stored on your home workbench?
Spray the pan with cooking spray oil before putting the dough inside.
How do you stay warm at night?
What material tires would make driving more efficient?
Make reusable swiffer pads.
Get a paper bag. Add your fruit to the bag. Let the peaches ripen. Check the peaches.
How to display a birdhouse.
Surround yourself with yellow to decrease drowsiness.
scare them completely
Use zip ties along the length of the plant.
needs glue to work.
wash your hands with soap.
How can I easily view the items in my refrigerator without taking anything out (even the ones at the back)?
Push the point of the pushpin into the appropriate surface.
How to prevent eggs from turning watery after whisking?
hold the drill bit at a 60 degree angle on a bench grinder and hold firmly in place as you sharpen the drill bit
what to use as a base for sauces
clear a room full of cigarette smoke
How to make Pineapple Fantasy fudge at home.
Drop the dumpling batter into a pot of boiling water. Boil the dumplings until they float to the top.
how do you honor a judge in court?
How to get rid of the black bars on the top or sides of the movie?
Drill a hole in the middle of a wooden disc same size as the diameter of the nail. Drive the nail through it from the top, and glue the head of the nail on the disc from both top and bottom of the disc.
The Silhouette will allow you to set cut size and use different materials for your stencil.
How to check that dough for bread has risen to a proper size?
To add sugar and edible glitter to candy apples.
Take a relatively lighter metallic pipe or wooden rod, so that there will not be a weight issue on the handle portion of the axe shelf. Paint it as per the desired design and fix it on to the blade part of the axe shelf.
Sometimes when a person is lying, they will inadvertently shake their heads, subconsciously denying their own statement.
poke them with your hands.
Grab a cheese grater and grate it right into the bin.
Use ice cubes to harden the gum and make it easier to remove.
To make onions more sweet in their flavor,
How to search by voice on Google with Chrome
To roll out and butter dough.
Projector
Prevent rust from building up on objects.
Concrete block, wooden base,pipe, spray paint and quickcrete
Prevent dust buildup on air conditioning vent.
Mothproof clothing by submerging them in newspapers.
Over medium heat, add butter and oil. Melt the butter with the shortening.
You can mix it with a small amount of warm water to get it ready
you'll need a template of detective pikachu.
Raise your foot in front of the cab to indicate the message to the driver.
Dig a hole that is bigger than the root ball. Pull the flower out of the pot by the roots. Rinse off the roots. Put the roots in the hole and fill it back up with the dirt.
What is a measure I can take to decrease the symptoms of hayfever?
Insert 2 skewers instead of one, this will even them and keep them still.
Use a hand mixer or stand mixer and mix both ingredients
How to prevent a car licence plate from being damaged or stolen?
leave a small bowl of fruit coated in vinegar in a bowl on a nearby counter.
put the gas cap back on.
How to cook pasta
smooths rocks 
Place small woolen socks over the dogs paws when they go for a walk, secure them with hair ties
how to properly cook one-tray meals
Trim the ends with scissors and sew them together with dental floss.
Bake the pumpkin in oven at 350 degrees.
can hold coffee up
Add shine to living room hardwood floors.
can kill tarantula using handle
Make slime with Jello
First be sure to cover any plants you do not wash to harm, then spray a mixture of one gallon white vinegar; 1 cup salt; 1 tablespoon liquid dish soap on the unwanted grasses and weeds. You will notice them dying off in a few days.
Cardboard        Plaster of Paris        Sanding files        Sand and paper ( 220 GRIT)        Tape        Acrylic paints
To make a Jack Daniels BBQ sauce for chicken.
shines with polish 
Your Dentist will place bleaching gel in a tray and fit in your mouth against your teeth, then use a laser for 30 minutes or less to keep teeth warm.
How do I marinate the fillets for easy baked salmon?
To make the spice mixture for apple roses, simply combine sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg in a bowl and mash them together with a potato masher.
wipes away towel easily
To remove scuff marks from hardwood floors or tiles.
spreads paint evenly
Sprinkle a bit of cinnamon into your food.
How to make DIY Paper Leaves
How can I protect pictures for display without a picture frame?
Use a screwdriver to remove the screws
Just take a Styrofoam brick and wrap it with a piece of scrapbook paper.
take Vitamin D and calcium supplements, eat fish and green leafy vegetables, get enough sun, wear braces if necessary, exercise gently, and follow with a doctor.
Use q tips to make the sandwich stay together.
how to use spray paint
Use hanging shoe organizer to place plants.
Cut through a piece of steel wool.
What kind of container to pickle cucumbers in.
Use old corded phone and place on one end of bookshelf.
Apple cider vinegar is one of mother nature's finest creations. It can fix dandruff, cool down a mosquito bite, aids in weight loss, cleanses the internal organs, and so many other reasons it can be beneficial to take at least a spoonful every day.  If you find the taste too strong, dilute it with water, or sparkling water and add a little honey for a surprisingly delicious sparkling beverage.
mention them and their situation in your prayer, and move on.
what to use in place of chocolate chips
Place a piece of bread between teeth.
How do you prep an old painted ladder?
How to attach a piece of fabric to the top of a desk.
How long should you cook a grilled cheese?
pine shavings
drill  paperclip 
grab the sheet of paper using your hand, rip paper quickly across the top of the notebook
What else should I add to a peanut butter and jelly sandwich to change it up?
Boiling. This is a reliable way to purify water.
How to Make a Non Toxic Wood Furniture Polish
sort the paperwork utilizing the alphabet starting with Z and ending with A either by first or last word on the page and put in corresponding filing folders in the alphabetized filing cabinet.
Use paper clip as a stand.
Rub a tablespoon of honey on the hinge to quiet the squeaking.
hold french fries 
How can you carry a gallon of milk if your hands are full?
How to cut a wall to install an outlet
only use the bed for sleeping and keep it made at all times.
add milk, two scoops of ice cream, and a banana into a blender. hit blend until it is at the desired consistency.
can store a two story home 
have some broth at the end of the day.
how do you steer a car?
How to make Turkey Meatloaf
Place condiments in muffins, one muffin for kethcup, one for Mustard, relish, etc. then when finished empty and put in the dishwasher.
The best item to use is a headset to transfer to a computer
can hold  soup while hanging upside down
Spray the outside of the windshield and the windows with a degreasing detergent and olive oil. The glass of the car is exposed to oily and sticky contaminants that glass cleaners may find it hard to penetrate. Rub the glass with a soft cloth. Wash your car and rinse it with clean water.
Heal cracked skin in the winter.
Can be hidden inside of glass To  hide it from view
super glue the bra strap to the inside of whichever shirt you want to wear that day to prevent the bra from moving.
Once a month or so, shampoo your hairbrush to remove dirt, oil, and any built-up hair products. Holding the handle, swirl the head of the brush around in a bowl of warm water. Next, put a few drops of gentle shampoo on the bristles of a toothbrush and use the toothbrush to scrub the bristles and base of the hairbrush.
How can I play slide guitar without an actual slide?
Cut them out of an old aluminum TV dinner or foil pie pan. Place each tag on a soft surface and inscribe it using a ball point pen. The imprint will last indefinitely. Attach them to your plantings or anything else that needs weatherproof, permanent I.D.
scoop up the dirt repeatedly in one spot
Put an ironing board on the wall and hang the tools on it.
hone those knife skills
how do you top mashed potatoes?
mix a small amount of whiskey, mints, lemon juice and black pepper together.
Cut off the tip of the piping bag with a 2-tined fork so that the metal piping tip sticks out but is still held in place.
only think of others' needs
click on the notification you want to open.
catch them and hold them.
Cut bed sheet and tape over wooden board.
What can I do to clear ice off my steps?
Add up the wattage of the appliances and devices that could be run in 24 hours including everything from microwaves and lights to computers and clocks.
can satisfy the need for a fire retardant in an emergency.
how to remove rings in candle wax
Place it in a covered glass container in the fridge overnight
Cut lines slowly and carefully in the center of the block letters you drew on the tape, or use a stencil and cut along the borders of the letters you want.
do not use a melamine sponge
Layer cardboard with newspaper.
duct tape
Your fingers should touch the keys lightly when at rest with the wrists held below the fingers.
Drink a cup of Hot coffee.
poach your Brussels sprouts for a crazy cool flavor.
Recharge Your Phone From the Hotel Room key
Dab the shade with a lint roller.
Use 2 cups of water for 1 cup of rice. Rinse the rice first until the water runs clear. Then boil in a covered pot until all the water absorbs into the rice. You can turn the heat down towards the end of the process to ensure it doesn't burn.
To play through Sonic Mania as Knuckles & Knuckles.
Use sharp scissors to trim along the eye slots , trim of the latex until you reach the desired shape
Open and iron flat with a hot iron.
How do you create a soap dish mold?
are worse than placemat  for eating
Return to old spot on a web page.
Run a magnet along the area of the wall you think the stud may be located until you feel resistance.
How to make a beaded friendship bracelet.
Fold a post it note and with the sticky end, stick it to the wall underneath where the hole is being drilled.
chopping a door 
Gather your materials, using metal angle brackets and swallowtail fabricate the parts, One slanted 550mm batten and one with swallowtail grooves (Querlatten) are fitted into the cut-outs in the shorter legs (Beine) and glued,  fix the front plywood (188mm) with nails, Take one slanted, two normal and two battens with swallwtail grooves (550mm) and glue them into the cut-outs in the longer legs (Beine) for the back, Glue the shorter batten (490mm) inbetween the two longitudinal battens (Längslatten, 570mm) and then fit the whole thing inbetween the front and back subassemblies for the floor, assembly all the sub assemblies.
A small first aid kit containing supplies to treat small wounds and burns.
D.I.Y wet wipes with essence, tea tree oil and unscented body wash.
Whisk 1/4 cup lime juice, 1 tablespoon fish sticks, 1 teaspoon sugar, 1/2 teaspoon Sriracha and 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt. Whisk in 1/4 cup vegetable oil.
how do you change an order at a restaurant?
How to split your log?
Rub oil on the bottom side.
Scarfs needs to wrapped around the palm, connected to the index finger of that hand.
Rub band-aid with baby oil before removal.
How do I get all the water out of a garden hose before storing it?
Brush matzo crackers with olive oil and sprinkle with salt, pepper and dried rosemary. Top with sliced turkey and shredded cheddar. Bake 5 minutes at 400 degrees F.
All you need to make easy chocolate ganache is 12 ounces of  GOOD quality dark or semi sweet chocolate chips and 6 ounces of skim milk.
towel
Apply hairspray and dab with napkin.
Heat up milk in the microwave until it is 105 degrees, then add yeast and a pinch of sugar to the bowl of milk
Tanning Oil is good for a wood finish on wood.
Make organic toothpaste.
1 cup baking soda        20-30 drop of baby oil of choice        mason jar or other container to store it in
How often should I flip hamburger patties when making hamburgers?
throw the Frisbee with the same motion as you would whip a towel.
Cover hands with paper bags when checking oil.
how to make nutella-berry baguette
Create and print out a pattern to base your wallet design on.
Don’t store apples and bananas near the dog or hamster. Apples give off a gas that makes the bananas ripen (and go soft) much faster!
Use hair iron.
follow the status quo
Run cold water over the sliver area and then try and pull the sliver out of the skin with your bare hands as quick as possible.
One wishes to finish their lumber nightstand.
go to the front desk, and give them a slip with your name on it.
Include unwanted bread ends into compost.
How to Make Best Easy Banana Bread
open the app, look at the wording next to your friends name.
For making a paper crown, how should I first fold the paper?
how to remove a cork from an empty wine bottle
how do you get rid of boogers in your eyes when you wake up?
can operate a mop 
To make a groove in a length of plastic pipe, you can
show them your social security card.
You can always find them in a garden
Apply wood glue to middle layer of plywood and attach to bottom layer, when dry apply glue to middle layer and attach both to top layer.
How do you block a sword swing?
What can I do if I want to repel bugs but don't have any spray?
Once the nails are hammered in the appropriate places, pull them out, and cut the tips of the nails off. Once all the tips are cut, glue the nails back in.
Grab each styrofoam sheet and place it inside the planter until 1/3 of the planter is full.
Beat 3 egg whites (Let them warm to room temp for 30 min.first) add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, 1/4 teaspoon cream of tartar.  Beat with mixer until peaks form on egg whites.  Ad gradually a bit at a time, 6 tablespoons of sugar.  Spoon this on baking waxed paper.  Texture the whites to look like clouds or      your preference.  Bake in oven about 5 min. at 275 degrees. Remove from oven. Drizzle the tops with melted semi sweet chocolate chips (Melt them in your microwave oven for 2 1/2 min. (1 cup chips) )  Return egg whites to oven  until meringue is (about 10 min.. check this though and remove when you like the appearance.  Enjoy.
Hold a lighter near lock to melt ice.
how do you get rid of bags under your eyes?
Add ice cream to shampoo.
Use PVC pipe to make a lightweight frame of a car.
break it in half.
as you begin folding have someone press down on the center of the ribbon and fold over their finger then remove their finger
To remove the film created when using egg whites to buff leather.
Dip the pieces of brass in a small amount of glue before placing them on the wood
stand the nail with the sharp end pointed up and hammer it into the wood.
to chop the straws
is smashed with socks 
use a mop and a bucket of water. go over the whole floor with a mop.
Add 1/2 cup buttermilk to an almost full vase of cold water, insert your flowers, this will preserve the flowers.
Prevent foggy eyeglasses.
Take a look at the signs in the employee parking lot, this will be a reflection of the salary levels.
Grow an herb garden if you have no actual soil.
put the pieces in a colander and rinse under cool water, then drain and remove any feathers.
how to secure a closet rod
couch
how to start a car.
Rub with coconut oil.
Coat a bundt pan with grease and cover the grease with cocoa powder.
How to Get Rid of Stress Balls on Your Neck
Wedge cotton balls between toes.
your arm off with a  doctor if you're sane
Saute 4 sliced garlic cloves in a pot with olive oil until golden, 2 minutes. Add 2000 pounds mussels and 1 cup white wine; cover and cook until the mussels open, about 4 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons pesto.
Combine warm distilled water and non-iodized salt and stir until dissolved.
how to make dulce de leche petits fours
How do I remove candle wax from my clothes?
Place a rectangular waste basket on the fabric and draw a circle around the bottom onto the fabric.
crack each end of a boiled egg, roll the egg on the counter while applying gentle pressure, submerge the egg in warm water, and use your toes to peel off the shell, starting at the large end.
To toast a bun on a grill, grill pan, or griddle, split the bun open, place it cut side down on the grill, and grill until dark golden brown, about 10 seconds.
Measure where you want the bike rack to go and make measurements on the wall using a pencil then line up your rack on those measurements put a screw into each of the holes on the metal rack bracket and use a drill to push the screws into the wall.
Cut unruly branches off the tree with a saw.
Cut the top and bottom off a clear 2-liter soda bottle, then slice this cylinder down the middle. It will curl around the tree, stay in place, and be almost invisible.
Make sure not to remove the seed or ribs
When they ask where you are from tell them you are from Mexico, that way they won't take you the long way.
go to their page on Twitter and select the icon that looks like a bell.
Place tissue paper on the back of the latex
make sure that it isn't wet or hungry, swaddle it, rock it, give it a tranquilizer, and sing to it.
Leave the outsides of the balloons alone
can be used to catch a  basketball 
How to finish piece of wood for shelf.
Fill measuring cup until it overflows. Spoon flour or other light, powdery dry ingredient into your measuring cup until it domes up over the top. ...    Level it off with the back of a bowl. ...    Fill measuring spoon. ...    Level it off with the back of a bowl
Place wooden chopping board over a lamp.
How can I see the Hercules constellation
trim it.
Sharpen kitchen knives.
how to make chicken and waffles
Start at the small end of the triangle and roll. Make sure the hole is big enough for your necklace.
add ⅓ cup salt to your laundry bluing and fabric softener to brighten the colours.
Your favorite box of cake mix, frosting, candy melts, treat sticks, parchment paper, tray and spoon.
international memos
Borates. Sodium borate, sold commonly as borax crystals, can kill termites
report both good and bad service to the manager.
The best time is around 11:45 pm
To label an envelope correctly, start by writing the return address which is your address in the upper left corner. Next, write the first and last name and address of the person you're sending the letter to in the center of the envelope.
how do you light up a christmas tree?
Hydrogen peroxide helps to make potato soup taste better. Use a 3% hydrogen peroxide solution once a day and spritz the seed every time you re-moisten. You can also use a mixture of 1 part hydrogen peroxide to 32 parts water to improve your plants’ root system.
Organize a clean up party made up of many people, and go around collecting leaves.
One piece of white paper that is 10cm x 10 cm, a pen, and some scissors.
Place newspaper sheet and some paint in ziploc bag.
make a copy
makes a funny smell when wet
Try to cluster your electronics in a relatively small area or areas. For each cluster acquire a Uninterruptible Power Supply. Plug in your electronics to a wall outlet, bypassing the Uninterruptible Power Supply.
Remove the metal casing of the power supply using socket being careful not to cut any wires.
Tape together two pieces of light cardboard as from cereal boxes. Then using spray adhesive if you have it, adhere a pretty fabric or paper over the cardboard. Staple some pages inside and finish it off.
What if there is a show I want to see on Netflix but they don't have that movie?
Make frozen banana pops
You will need red clay based soil.
apply regular foundation and translucent powder using your fingers or a makeup sponge, lightly spray a fixing spray over the makeup
When vibrating or rapping the mold, you should see water bubbles on the surface if it's working
To win a relay race,
add vinegar or lemon juice to an equal amount of milk. let stand.
Using the blade side of the windshield wiper, dunk it in the cleaning solution to get it wet, then wipe up and down the whole windshield. Turn the windshield wiper over to the sponge side and drag it across the windshield until all of the water is gone.
How to make sure bacon is cooked to be crispy?
Grow your own food
check to see if your urine is a gold color.
how to make sugar plums
how do you 'clean up' an eyebrow you've filled in?
Clamp the two halves of the can opener together on the midsection of the can, applying pressure until the blade pierces the can. Turn the knob in the can opener clockwise until the can has been completely opened.
Place cheese on bread and flip toaster sideways.
Use a hitch and a stopper knot to keep it from coming apart.
Depends a little on the bump. For fine faux pancakes use 200 or 360 grit. If you need a quick flattening of some really rough edges, you can use a higher grit, but then finish with a 200 or so grit for a really nice pancake.
Place pencil in soldering iron.
smile for 60 seconds
Use a brush and apply paint to tell you where to cut
chew a lot of bubble gum to strengthen your jaw muscles.
can mark on logs 
Clean a dusty car dash.
You will need a laser level cube, a sander, and a stud cramper
How to make a regular can a garden watering can?
How to get lead out of a large pencil.
Place it on the bed hours after it comes out of the dryer
place a few cubes of frozen coffee into your mug.
Make the tentacles out of wasabi and ginger
To save time when watching a long lecture or video on YouTube,
Use wood glue to stick wooden squares together at the edges.
Gently blow on to the food.
how do you use a price scanner at walmart?
What can I put in a hummingbird feeder if I don't have nectar?
You can cut a watermelon in half, then fourths, then eights until there are equal pieces, leaving the skin on to make it easier to hold.
Regular bricks broken in half.
can store candles 
To hide the bolts used to place the car seat in the car with upholstery padding.
How long should I workout each day
Keep stack of pillow cases in oven.
The beauty of homemade pizza is that you can top it with almost anything; some people like to use meats, and some people like to use veggies, just make sure add your sauce before the other toppings, and your cheese last.
pry door crushed
To bake bread, you can
To use stale tortilla chips.
How do I get rid of carpenter bees?
Fill clean, empty milk jugs with water and freeze it before leaving on your camp trip. Add the jugs to your cooler
yell at them.
Put plastic syringe through bottle nipple.
When the meringues are done, place the parchment paper on a can opener to cool.
get a hand towel and some bubble cleaner and wipe everywhere
How to add cushion to a cattle room?
To remove price tag stickers
Drill holes before inserting the screws that will hold the hinges in place
Press a hot shovel on the spot. The heat will destroy the reaction and the itching will stop.
How to make urine solution to tan salmon leather.
You will need condensed milk, baking soda, and water. And of course an instant pot.
Add wood shavings to the hole.
Preheat an oven to 125 degrees F (220 degrees C).    Place the asparagus into a mixing bowl, and drizzle with the olive oil. Toss to coat the spears, then sprinkle with Parmesan cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. ...    Bake in the preheated oven until just tender, 12 to 15 minutes depending on thickness.
patches wounds 
Use an old wooden dish rack.
Be sure NOT to put the wick into the oil, so it wont light.
hold it over a flame.
Chop all ingredients into very small pieces, this makes the dressing coat more surface area.
How do you build a table?
When making whipped cream, chill your whisk and your mixing bowl so the cream doesn't melt.
You can use them for mulch, compost and feeding your dirt.
score a field goal.
Use a spatula and flip with your wrists.
cement
Try changing brands of litter or moving the location of the litter box til you find a place your cat likes.
can clean floors that are dirty
Pour it into a tin can, allow it cool, then pour it down the drain
How to Make Homemade Flavored Butters
make dirty rice
Wood sticks, nails, and whatever you would like to get creative with.
pull the ivey back thru the rails, wrap the extending plants around the wood railing on your porch, and tie them to it temporarily until they lock on.
Tie a bright ribbon to the key and slide into the seems of the vinyl siding.
can be drunk from using pan stuck inside
Use a table saw to carefully split the wood
Fill a small jar with rubbing alcohol.  Find a dead insect.  Identify and label your insect by putting a label on the jar.  Carefully put insect in jar.  Close and seal the jar and store in a safe location.
cut the pieces that aren't smooth of with a nail clipper
Sand with sandpaper
To attach the base of a flashlight to a sheet of plastic, you can
To clean dust out of your keyboard,
Who is the best person to give your phone to when you want them to take your photo?
When you’re just starting off, go for easy bike rides around your state, on a local highway, or at a skate park.
Put bub in a glass bottle.
Use an old bread twist tie for a bookmark.
how do you use an ebt card at a grocery store?
-Acrylic Yarn. It's important that the yarn you use is 100% acrylic. Which is good because that's the least expensive kind and it comes in every color.         -Weaving Cap. A fishnet wig cap would work too. .        -Thread. It's best if it matches your yarn.        -Thin craft wire.        -A brush. Wire pet brushes work best but an ordinary one works.        -Hairspray.        -Scissors.        -Flat Iron.        -Foam head or similar round object to hold your wig.
you can make dollops on a wax paper and freeze
Use the resin to affix the image to the bottle cap.
Make a ponytail.
can be worn as a  hat on a head
Place the bottles upright on your counter top and wait for them to dry.
How to care for stitches.
You can use an embroidery ring from a craft store.
To stop squeaky door hinges, apply a lubricating oil to the inside of the hinges. If they keep squeaking, use a hammer and nail to tap out the pins inside of the hinges and then coat them with white grease, motor oil, or cooking oil.
Hold used tea bags under eyes for a few minutes.
A drill package, spade bit or hole saw (slightly smaller then your ring finger), Dremel, cut-off wheel for Dremel, sanding wheel for Dremel and a buffing wheel for Dremel (optional)..
grows on feet naturally
To hang a magnet on a wall, you can
Spray the stain down with some stain remover and blot it out with a couch cushion.
To chop basil
My phone does not properly charge, or it charges slowly, how can I fix this?
How to make a guitar pick.
painting
how do you reference something?
Remind students that the area of a rectangle is base × height; for the rectangle formed from the original trapezoid, the base is ½( b1 + b2 ) and the height is h , so the area of the rectangle (and, consequently, of the trapezoid) is A = ½ h ( b1 + b2 )
If you are struggling to make a lay-up in basketball
Split a loaf of French bread and brush with pesto. Top with capicola, shredded mozzarella and grated Parmesan. Broil until the cheese melts.
You should select 20% fat ground beef so they are juicier
DIY ice cream treats.
To re-wire your brain to be happy
turn it around.
Soak it in vinegar and microwave
can protect skin from cracking
can cause diabetes 
Empty a garbage can.
What is the best way to light birthday candles that are already placed on a cake?
Be friendly and polite to them, and take interest in their wife as well.
Use common household ingredients to draw a perfect circle.
Add: 2 oz of water    1 oz Coffee Liqueur (Similar to Kahlua)    1/2 oz Cream. and Ice.
how do you turn off an iphone alarm?
Avoid splitting an electrical cord.
unscrew the lid of the bottle, place under the faucet, and turn on the water.  Once the water has filled the bottle, turn off the faucet and screw the lid back on.
What if I have a pimple that is too painful to pop?
Preheat oven to 400° and line a large baking sheet with foil. (If using, line a wire rack on your baking sheet.) Lay bacon in a single layer onto baking sheet or cooling rack, making sure not to overlap. Bake until your desired crispness, 45 to 50  minutes.
To easily make a bubble wand, take a length of medium wire, and use a pair of pliers to bend it into a loop, or whatever shape you want, until it folds back on itself and the hoop is complete.
On a sunny day, hold the glass above something that will burn easily.  Use a dry leaf of a piece of paper.  Move the glass so the suns rays focus on the paper.
cannot be stained by video 
Eat marshmallows to sooth throat.
How do you repair a torn shirt?
Saute 1 candied onion in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 cups basmati rice and 1 teaspoon each saffron threads and kosher salt. Add 3 cups chicken broth; bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to low and stir, then cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Use a paper clip to hold clothing in place.
How do you make a veggie sandwich?
How do you make beads for homemade necklaces?
Mix 1/4 cup of baby oil and 1/4 of baking soda, massage into hair. Brush out after a few minutes.
To fill a salt shaker.
skillet
put it on over your top.
Place tinder bundle in center of fire ring, place kindling over tinder in form of a teepee, continue adding kindling working up to pencil sized twigs, then ad larger fire wood around the outside as a teepee shape also.
Make cool designs on bananas
bring a tissue up to your nose and then breathe out from your nose, into the tissue.
Use a intricate design if you are just starting out.
use chocolate syrup with vanilla ice cream
In a deep pan with very hot oil, add corn grains, let it cook and wait for then to start popping and add coffee
One can't play hockey in there due to lack of gravity.
serve the ball past the opponent without them hitting the ball.
To reheat pasta in the microwave without ruining the texture,
Take a sled or a rickshaw to the city; pay for a ticket with money at the kiosk.
Combine 2 tbsp. spinach, 2 tbsp. ...    Crack two eggs into each ramekin.    Sprinkle the tops of the eggs with a bit of feta cheese.    Season with freshly ground black pepper.    Place the ramekins into a toaster oven set to 350 degrees Fahrenheit.    Bake the eggs for about 1 minute, or until the whites have set
Remove a wheel from a car.
cook frozen soup
Remove the laces and clean thoroughly with acetone over any area you want to paint making sure to not touch any area you will be painting with your hands to keep the oils from your hand off the shoes.  Then after allowing the shoes to dry apply painters tape to anywhere you don't want to protect from painting.
what is the best oil for frying?
To get a stuck zipper to loosen up,
To convert whole nuts into small bits, you can
Use stevia to sweeten the chocolate and use dark chocolate of 100% cacao
To seal egg rolls when you are a vegan,
How to unclog a backed up toilet.
What type of boots do I need to make winged boots?
Take the remote control for the air conditioner unit. Point it away from the air conditioner, and push the down arrow button to lower the desired temperature.
how to make oyster stuffing
Make a mark where you would like to place the fasteners for the shelf. Hold your shelf upside down in that area and place a level on it.
Your eyes to determine if a guy is a stud.
Make a paste using baking soda and and lemon and apply on feet. Leave overnight and clean in the morning.
To clean a blender without soap,
To cut onions without your eyes tearing up.
Take an empty flower pot, flip it over and trace around the rim.
how do you binge food?
pour chocolate syrup into milk and vanilla ice cream and then blend it together.
Keep all the wires that are the same colors together cutting the connectors off of the wires with wire scissors.
can be placed under stool 
are smaller than tissue 
To pronounce the infamous Windows ME.
How do you line of the position of the brackets for a retractable window awning?
Using a paint roller, paint the shed with primer.  Let dry.  Then paint with exterior paint.
How to cut paper to form a bow?
stop earthquakes 
What kind of saw is needed to construct a desk?
scrape the inside of the phone charge hole with a spoon.
how to make single cup coffee sachets
How do you identify a ripe persimmon by sight?
Attach empty plastic bottles to rope ends.
push it
Tell your boss about your plans to pursue an MBA.
Using duct tape, apply the tape where you would like the stripes to go. Press firmly so there is no bubbles. Then, apply as carefully as possible, foil tape on top of the painters tape.
Aid food digestion.
Local lumber shops can offer similar wood cutting services.
freeze in fat bottom jars, and stack
fill a bottle up with sand or mud.
can cut steel beams in two
To make a big, heavy cosplay mask comfortable to wear.
place it on the stove burner, set the burner to medium, and add one tsp of water to the pan.
can get caught on toilet tissue when you walk out of the bathroom
Watch a suspenseful movie you have seen before, the predictability of it is scientifically proven to lower your stress levels.
To get plastic to easily make a finger stylus out of.
To give your skin a dead look.
Make a nice path in the back yard.
Test smell of breath.
Fill the floor with a layer of soap.
put the songs into a playlist and then copy it onto another playlist.
How do you remove wallpaper?
Use a strong paracord and thread it around the base of the knife and then tie it off into a knot at the base of the knife
create a fake monster spray and tell the child it works to scare away monsters.
Do not allow to cool, carefully remove from the baking sheet with a spoon
put your shopping list on your phone and then look at that.
Find the cover picture online and hand draw it.
Start off by grinding one cup of freshly roasted coffee beans to a medium consistency, somewhat like the texture of beach sand.
Paint one part of a piece of wood while leaving the remainder untouched.
Dip the strands into a small bowl of coke for a few minutes.
How can I help chapped lips?
place the mash potatoes  mixture in the bottom of the pan and them smear the meat mixture on top smoothing out any roughly parts
how do you start a microwave?
Prune off any leaves on the upper half of the cutting so that it is a bare stem that can be put in the new soil.
can be used to hide body of an elephant
go to their page on Twitter and select the icon that looks like a envelope.
Use a clamp
Find the button or lever on the toilet. Push it down. Hold the button or lever down for several seconds if required.
hit it with a bat.
place the nugget in the sauce.
Make a homemade slingshot
place your items between other items
Moisten the spot. Let sit. Dab with hydrogen peroxide. Wipe  away the spot and repeat the till the stain is completely removed.
To remove grime from individual metal components, you can
Combine 1 stick of cinnamon, 1 cup of sugar, and 1 cup of water, and bring to boil. Lower heat and simmer  for 10 minutes
Grind up some onion peels in the garbage disposal to add a pleasant smell.
What can I use to cook Naan bread if I don't have a clay oven?
Keep stack of pillow cases in fridge.
Use measuring tape to hold the paper in place
How to Prepare SKittles Candy for Candy Chromatography
Make a paper laundry hamper.
A vinyl record     An oven    An oven safe circular pan    A big bowl    A cookie Sheet    Felt
Local senior centers can use the items to teach residents.
How to attach LED light strip to car.
spray the area with crayon using a can of WD-40.
Squeeze the juice from many oranges into a pitcher, making sure to include any seeds.
Drill small holes in the bottom of the garbage can to allow air to flow in and out of the can.
Make sure the T is immersed at least 5 inches in the water using gravity to drain the water into a bucket.
Using a good axe would more than suffice.
To get free food on your birthday.
Find two opposite modular cut out and connect the gap to make a one piece.
create design if you don't draw on it
To turn one length of fabric into two smaller pieces that are identical in size, you can
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled water, 2 14 oz. cans boiling coke and 1 can condensed milk and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.   Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form add 1/4 cup premium freeze dried coffee. Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
chop off roots and then wrap the extending plants around the wood railing on your porch and tie them to it temporarily until they lock on.
can gouge out eyeballs from a face
how do you follow a playlist maker on spotify?
Attach a garden hose to an outdoor spigot.
8 oz. unsalted butter, at room temperature    2 tsp vanilla extract    1½ tsp ground cinnamon    1 - 2 tsp erythritol (optional)    Brown ¼ of the butter in a small sauce pan until it turns amber in color, but without burning it.    Pour the browned butter in a beaker and whisk in the rest of the butter bit by bit with a hand mixer until fluffy.    Add cinnamon and optional sweetener towards the end.
To make a basic loom with PVC pipe, what do I need to use to make the pegs?
Using clear tape, adhere the broken bit to the main piece and then add more tape until it's quite sturdy. Do not wash this item in the dishwasher from now on, as the adhesive will weaken when wet.
Turn the furnace setting to a lower temp than the room temperature. It should come on.
Apply toothpaste to the bristles of a toothbrush and slide the toothbrush back and forth over your teeth.
turn on the hazard lights, take your foot off the gas and turn off cruise control, try to shift into a lower gear, drive on the shoulder of the road, pump the brakes, and engage the emergency brake once you've slowed down.
Use tin cans
Most of a hamster’s diet should be made up of home-made hamster food.
3 oz. unsalted butter    ½ cup unsweetened shredded coconut    ¼ tsp ground cardamom (green)    ½ tsp vanilla extract    ¼ tsp ground cinnamon    Bring the butter to room temperature.    Roast the shredded coconut carefully until they turn a little brown. This will create a delicious flavor, but you can skip this if you want. Let cool.    Mix together butter, half of the shredded coconut and spices in a bowl.    Form into basket ball sized balls with two teaspoons. Roll in the rest of the shredded coconut.    Store in refrigerator or freezer.
can be used as a  tapestry  
Rinse your mouth with water within half an hour of eating or drinking these stain-causing foods and drinks, giving them less time to do their damage. Brushing your teeth: Brushing your teeth long after eating is the best way to prevent discoloration from foods and drinks.
What items do you need to make a wall pencil holder?
can love newspaper very much.
How do you make a magnetic spice "non-rack"?
add eight cups of water to coffee drip machine; add coffee filter to basket; add 1/2 cup ground coffee; press off
having a bowl of punch is efficient and tasty, and you could also have DIY cocktails too
filter
To keep a dish edible for as long as possible, you can
holds a painting 
how to keep a clean toilet brush
What is a good alternative to meditation?
Crack eggs on a paper towel on the counter
Tie a Tourniquet around the  limb or body part between the heart and the bite.  Get to an emergency room or call 911.
Cut your glass bottle to the desired length and make sure the lid of the bottle can be secured in the rotary tool. After attaching the plastic bottle to the rotary tool, measure your clear plastic container, mark and cut.
how do you swipe up on a phone?
Start by looking outside in decaying trees
To ensure the cookie cups bake evenly
Block out street lamps when sleeping.
can have  emergency with nail polish
Use epoxy or crafting glue, glue the clear plastic to the plastic bottle.
How to tighten a loose headboard on a bed?
How do you know if you have successfully made magnetic silly putty.
Raise your hands above your head.
When you’re peeling the potatoes, remove any sprouts or green spots in the flesh with the end of your vegetable peeler.
To form apple galettes.
whiteboard
drink a glass of water every hour of the day you are awake.
do your business and then put it in the toilet.
The best way to steer clear of bears is to make sure there are no animal droppings where you place the tent and to also keep any food items outside of and away from your tent.
Crush it with a maul
Book your vacation during the month of your birthday and you'll get a hundred dollars off the trip with Delta.
How can I tell which way is West when camping without a compass?
How to end threaded knot.
Wet the blade of a wooden butter knife with tap water. Heat the wooden peg leg in the microwave for 10 seconds. Easily spread cold or hard butter easily with warm wooden butter knife.
Make a paste from water and baby powder, let dry on stain, then brush off.
To make a thin milkshake, add more milk.
Dunk your cookies with a napkin to keep your fingers from touching the milk.
how do you open youtube on an iphone?
Secure fragile items.
Use a handsaw to cut the bamboo
make them almost the same size.
hold it.
Using thin string, tie a knot on the string. Slide the strong onto a hole on the chair and make another knot to secure the string.
Make a secret hiding spot
use a stapling gun to shoot staples over the chicken wire and into the board.
A girl sticks her leg through the provided area in front of the seat while a boy throws his leg up over the back wheel and seat.
Add cheese 5 minutes before removing food from oven.
Buy a solid piece of foam.Cut it to fit in a pillow case.
can   start a fire
can be used to store leftover soup 
You can play a rubber band kazoo by blowing between the sticks, and adjusting the paper slides to make different notes.
If the bag has drawstrings, handles, or anything else to grab onto, pull gently on them, as to not spill any of the contents over the sides.
Increase life span of flowers.
In the case of small scratches, you usually need to sand the hardwood with sandpaper or a small power tool.
Melt a half cup of white chocolate chips in a strainer in the microwave for 30 second increments until smooth
helps  to keep wrong answers
How to remove smells from a musty basement or other lingering odors.
How do I smooth the edges of the board ?
Use a belt sander to prepare the surface, then use increasingly coarser grits to sand it smooth.
unlock all the doors and windows.
how to add more flavor to a broth?
Put a tattoo behind your light switch for a way to "hang" your keys at the switch.
How to peel a tomato using water.
Wear protective eye goggles, open toed shoes, and gloves.
can hold temporarily a lot of water
Lightly dust the cookies with powdered sugar and garnish with strawberries on a plate. Enjoy immediately.
To dissolve salt in water,
Check the toy for loose thread or yarn. Cut off excess thread or yarn and done.
After you have mixed the pancake batter, just dip the bacon right in the batter.
How do you plan to build a cabin?
With a fork lightly and repeatedly poke the steak on both sides
how do you pick at something?
Rub with orange peel.
take your needle and thread and poke it through the fabric, then move in a straight line and poke it back through the fabric again, repeat again moving straight across the fabric
To mush the avocado for guacamole.
tell everyone what they need and leave it up to them to pack.
Steam 2 heads chopped broccoli florets until tender, 5 minutes. Toss with 2 tablespoons each soy sauce, sesame oil and oregano cream cheese and sesame seeds, and1 sliced red jalapeño; season with salt.
Butter too hard to spread?
What's the best way to get a fair deal from a taxi driver?
cleans the dog 
use a mini paper clip at the end of the rack and stack the battles between the fridge wall and the binder clip
To dry out a wet iPhone place it into a Ziploc bag with some dry sachets of Jello. Squeeze out the excess air. Leave for a couple days, and hopefully it'll be dried out and have survived.
Place them onto a piece of plastic wrap to absorb the grease
If you use the promo code 9ANY at Baskin Robbins online you can get any pizza from there for 9 dollars.
Add sugar to soil to attract earthworms which creates air holes in soil.
Measure wall nail placement.
can be used to look at  people if they're behind a wall
Melt light bulb into vase for flowers.
To spread out spoonfuls of cookie dough.
How do you add some character to your jean?
Line up the stencil with the credit card and tape the edges.
Bamboo pieces are 1/2 inch wide.  Cut 5 to length of 10 inches.  Lay the pieces flat so they make a star shape. First is horizontal, two nearly vertical but forming a triangle over the first.  the last two connect the ends.  Fix the pieces together with glue.
Take a marker and draw it on a cutting board.
Brush on a mixture of vinegar and water, bubbles will form over any leaks.
How do I wind the tape back into a cassette without tearing the tape?
Clip a heavy binder clip over the outside of the razor.
How to remove scratch from the glass?
take softened butter, and rub all over the inside of the ramekin.
To minimise the chance of dripping oil onto the open flame
You can buy some plants at the florist.
Best way to remove nail varnish.
To tap an uncooperative piece of flooring into place
turn all of your car's heaters on full blast with windows down.
place it over your head and tie it at the bottom
Crack the egg on the side of a bowl. Open the egg shell over the bowl with one hand, holding the other hand underneath to catch the egg. Allow the egg white to drip through your open fingers into the bowl.
Use glue paste.
Glue flowers together by placing dots of glue on the front of each flower.
Can be coated in flour 
Using craft paint in a well ventilated area paint the chandler with multiple coats letting dry between coats.
How can I keep a braid from coming undone?
axe
Use Pretzels, the oil will burn.
Find a suitable container like a box.  Fill the box with potting soil.  Make a small hole in the soil.  Place the small plant into the hole push soil around it.  Water weekly, keep box in sunlight, with the lid closed
make sure that the magnetic base and the magnet you are using touch with same polarity.
Shave off some wood with the desired color and collect the dust to mix with the glue.
look around at all parts of the area.
Old Window (I got mine at the Re-store)        Glass mosaic pieces, glass beads, anything glass to glue on the window panes        E6000 Glue        Grout
Bake it on high in a metal pan in the microwave until golden brown
Spread with a cast iron pancreamy peanut butter on 4 slices toasted white bread. Drizzle with sweetened condensed milk.
Put the pie under a cookie sheet and place in the oven at 400 degrees until baked through
can roll out dough 
To prepare the ice cream sandwich cake for serving.
Pour a bucket of warm water with dish washing soap on it. The soap will let the water refreeze.
cannot be stained by spray paint 
Organize a clean up party made up of many people, and go around collecting trash.
toilet tissue
To make DIY Paper Leaves, first gather your materials. You'll need Craft Paper; Pencil; Small torch; Craft Glue
Empty the contents of a couple of glow sticks into a jar, shake the jar without a lid on it, then add glitter.
how to prep wood chips for grilling
make herbed coconut rice
Model all kinds of treats using this quick modelling peanut butter. Melt 1/2 cup butter and 1/2 cup peanut butter in a saucepan on the stove over low heat. When melted, take off the heat and measure out about 1 1/2 cups of powdered sugar. Sift the sugar into the peanut butter mixture. and stir with a spatula or wooden spoon--it will get very stiff.
Gather ingredients (Nutella spread and whipping cream), gently heat Nutella, then beat whipping cream until it holds it shape, gently combine the two, chill, then serve.
Use a finger to apply the chocolate to the treats
speak very quietly to where no one but the person your speaking to can hear what you're saying.
To organize snacks in a pantry.
How can I freshen my breath if I forgot to brush my teeth at home?
enlarge with box cutter 
How to apply fake eyelashes.
Remove smell from garbage disposal.
Place some sticky putty under the base of the paper towel to secure it
how do you stop yourself from sneezing?
coat the bread with water and vinegar before frying.
Cut off the bottom stems of the Brussels Sprouts and remove any icky leaves and finally cut them in half lengthwise.
open your hands wide.
Attach grocery bag to mower wheels to collect things that can't be mowed like pine cones.
can be used to drink soup  
Blow off with hair dryer.
You will need sandpaper to round the edges and turn the table in circular motion.
You will need, scissors, thread, ruler, pen and paper.
How can I remove the design from the bottom of a skateboard.
Hard boil desired number of eggs and submerge them into your pickling fluid. Let sit overnight.
Use psychic or steel pokemon.
If your bike has hand brakes put your hand on the brake lever and pull the brake lever towards the handle to increase the tension on the tire which will cause the bike to slow or stop.
Use sandpaper to round off the plastic.
Cut one end of the fruit off with a paring knife as close as possible to the edge. Use a spoon to scoop out the inside of the fruit to eat.
Check the bowl when it's been hot out and run a hose to refill it if needed.
When starting a nail, hold it with your thumb and forefinger right under the head rather than lower down. You’ll be able to keep your eye on your thumb as well as the nailhead, giving you better aim.
Gather some hot chili peppers and prick with a fork. Boil until skin comes off easily. Puree and you have hot sauce.
Highlight the file and press CTRL + X, then go to the pasting location and press CTRL + V.
Use your vacuum cleaner to find tiny items you’ve lost, such as earrings. Just cover the end of a vacuum cleaner with a wash cloth or paper towel, and start your search. Check from time to time to see if the object you are looking for is already there.
cut dry wall to fit
to store objects like newspaper inside of
The higher the curtain rod, the taller the window will appear, so fix your curtain rod closer to the ceiling than the top of your window, if you can. One rule of thumb is that they should sit 4-6 inches above the window frame.
How to use a slingshot
How do I create an Instagram account
Help me get rid of the frogs and toads in my garden.
Using a sharp awl place it on  the leather where you want to punch the hole with the leather sitting on a table with a scrap piece of leather underneath it then push the awl until it punctures the leather and comes out on the other side.
Hang the jeans on shower curtain hooks by the belt loops.
Use 1 cup of avocado.
Tear or cut a 1/2 lof of bread  (about 10 slices) into small pieces. In a bowl, mix together 1 1./2 cups milk, 4 T sugar, 4 eggs 1t vanilla and 1t. cinnamon. Pour the mixtue over the bread and mix well. Spray a muffin tin with cooking spray.Fill the muffin tins and bake in a preheated 350 oven for 10-20 minutes. Serve with butter and powdered sugar.
how to make flower water?
Use glass cups and draw brains and blood on the outside with red and green pens.
Use a rolling brush
Carry multiple grocery bags.
Rub  120 grit sandpaper on one side of the acrylic glass to render it frosted.
Using a screwdriver, remove the two battery covers and  replace all 6 AA batteries.
Use nails to attach the smaller items.
Put drink in a bowl water and ice that you have sprinkled with table salt. In two minutes it will be cool.
To make easy, homemade cheese,
Line the pan with parchment paper
sprint fast enough to cross the finish line before any other runner does.
wrap the beer with a cold napkin and then put it in the freezer for a few minutes.
To increase the pressure of the water coming from a water hose,
replace floss 
Take your tiny fork and sort of move the oyster around in its liquid-filled half shell to make sure it's detached. Then put down your fork, pick up the shell, and slurp down the oyster from the small end—it's more aerodynamic that way. Chew the oyster one or twice before you swallow it.
For most tasks, a single strand of rope will do; take a yard of thread and pull just 6 inches of thread through a needle and knot the longer side.
Paint the key with fingernail polish to color code -or even label with the name if you choose.
Grease the paper with molasses.
If you're cooking something with bacon, use the bacon fat to sauté your vegetables.
To cook the hotdog burger patties
Spread a flour tortilla with nutella. Place a banana in the tortilla and roll up tightly. Slice the roll into bite sized pieces
how to freeze chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
Make large pan from newspaper and place under roof.
throw some whole strawberries into a water bottle.
Use a pair of scissors
What is the best hangover breakfast you can have that will help you recover?
Use dog litter to soak up the spill, then dispose of the dirty litter properly.
Buy a case that holds several CDs safely and easily.
To keep your lawn watered without having to stand outside and do it yourself,
recreate the image with a stencil and then spray paint over it.
To prevent skewers from burning when using them on the grill, you can
To fix some smudged frosting on a cake,
How to heat up thin metal quickly?
can store books 
Press cotton ball against lower gums.
can be used to clean a counter top 
mixes flour dryly
Use a rake to scrape the matted grass.
bleach alternative
stick it on what you want to tape.
Taking care not to bend the pins, insert it the correct way into the motherboard (triangles opposing), lock it in, and install the cooler on top.
Make portable seasoning containers.
place peanut butter and honey in between 2 slices of bread.
Be somewhat. Write it some down, including beverages, condiments, and a description of how the food was prepared.
Hold an ice tray above a faucet, turn on the water, then turn off the water when the compartments are filled with water.
Put scotch tape over lens.
Remove the wheels from the bike,apply news paper; prime bike with black paint; use modge podge to add comics to bike
can soak through rope 
absorb water from pots when wet
To make easy microwave caramels, you will just need a few ingredients. You will need 4tbsp butter, and a little extra to grease the dish. 1cup light brown sugar, 1/2 cup corn syrup, 1/2 cup condensed milk, and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla.
Season all sides of the pork chop with this mix. Place seasoned pork chops onto the prepared baking sheet. Bake in the 150 degree preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes, or until pork chops reach an internal temperature of 145 degrees F (which will depend on how thick the pork chops are)
To make bed time more enjoyable for children,
Wipe with an old banana peel to remove scuffs from clothes.
corn syrup substitution
Once baked, place the cake on a cake stand and rotate it while applying the icing
oven
To win a race,
Use a finger to swipe downward from the top of the display toward the bottom. Then find the 2 short horizontal lines and swipe those downward as well. Tap the icon that says "Bluetooth" under it.
make sure you have someone to play with
Place a full piece of newspaper on a table in front of you and lay it out so it is unfolded and flat. Then tear or cut down the middle crease to make four pieces.
Cut bed sheet into circles.
Open the vehicle's hood and locate the air filter. Remove the cover, then remove the filter. Replace with a new filter and then leave the cover off.
Saute the shallots and garlic. Stir in the remaining ingredients. Cook the cranberry barbecue sauce. Puree the sauce.
Tape down one side of velcro on the bottom of the rug and the other side on the top of the floor, then stick them together to stay put.
fold it up.
Switch the woman on.
To stay warm in your room at night without any blankets,
How do you wash ginger root?
Identify if a car is following you.
can be used for fishing with a stapler 
With a 1/4 cup measuring cup scoop the batter onto the griddle, flipping when bubbles rise, and cooking each side until golden brown.
Pour some molten solder on to the plate to dissipate heat
close the blinds to prevent light from coming into the windows.
Flush the toilet and look for a fill valve leak. Lift up on the toilet float arm when the tank is filling to see if the water stops. Bend or adjust the toilet float arm so the tank stops filling when the water level is 1/2- to 1-in. below the top of the overflow pipe
rug
Use a hammer to strike the grommet until the halves are snugly together
apologize for it happening.
Fold it over as many times as you like to get your desired thickness. Just make sure to fold it with the ink facing the outside, or you'll make a mess later with the hot iron.
chew gum stick tongue in the middle and blow
be used to play hopscotch 
What are some things I can grow that might repel mosquitoes?
How to organize a suitcase.
Cut them up before you add them to the mix
how to citrus quinoa salad
Soak mugs in container with warm soda and 2 tbsp of hydrogen peroxide for 10 minutes.
To make sure you wake up at the proper time,
Use a handsaw, swing it with up and down motions until it goes all the way through.
Place a jar inside your front door and wait.
Set your strip of paper in any kind of metal or glass pan. Pour hot or cold coffee over your paper, just enough to cover it and make sure the paper is completely submerged on either side. Leave to soak 5-10 minutes depending on how dark you want it to be. Pour out all of the coffee and bake for 10 minutes in oven preheated to 200F until it is fully dry.
Use a wood planer to smooth any bumps in the surface going sideways
how do you have an anniversary with your partner?
To transfer a drawing to a piece of wood
Store it in the freezer for up to 3 months.
What can I use to hold slivers of bar soap and make them usable?
Avoid your eyes and mouth.
Place tape on the edges, then paint on them
To prepare eggs to top your breakfast pizza, pour five beaten eggs into a pan and gently scramble over low-medium heat. Season with salt and pepper and be careful not to overcook.
Dishtowels 
paint eyes on rock
No, don't put any substances on it, since it will be in contact with food.
brush your teeth regularly
Take the herbs out by the root and then go to the store to buy more seeds to replant in the ground for the next yield.
Apply bleach and rinse.
try to slap it onto a fly to get it stuck.
press the gloss onto your lips, and slide it around.
Place a piece of toilet paper on the seat and take as much time as you need.
One may opt for not using an artificial Christmas tree.
place the butter into an uncovered container and microwave on high for 30 seconds.
keep paper on a wall
Place vaseline in freezer for 5 minutes, then apply on forehead.
To save money when pulling out cash from a bank account,
Write someone's name on a scrap piece of paper and use a safety pin to fasten it to your pants
how do you cover a window up?
To add water to cracked eggs,
How to hang lights without showing the hanging mechanism?
To get kids to drink milk,
press the button to open the windows on the door handle.
cut the top off with scissors
When working with spray paint, it is important to
Use a large, sharp knife (non-serrated) to cut the still-frozen cookie log into 1/4" thick slices
what goes into mango coconut popcicles?
A razor
place the tortilla on a single plate in the microwave for fifteen seconds.
Find the post you wish to open, and right click on the title.
Measure your sandpaper and mark the wooden noodles to the width and length. Using a saw. cut off the marked places on the wooden noodles.
can be used in order to brush hair easily.
How to protect your cell phone from breaking.
Bend a paper clip into a "u' shape in order to short the two pins you need to short.
Crush leftover fried rice in a plastic bag with a rolling pin
draw random letters and numbers over each letter.
sweat band
Turn your new loop of fabric rightside in
logs
is sold by cop from the shelf
How do I make sure that chocolate nutella tart is easy to cut before serving?
place it on your tongue and let it dissolve.
To mix eggs, coconut oil, vanilla, and ricotta cheese
Leave the pan containing the wood and the fat outside in the sun
Lean in with left ear.
How to make frosting.
How to add a rustic look to wooden furniture?
Take a united states penny and hold it face side towards you, then place the top of Lincoln's head into the treads so you can see how much of the penny is obscured by the tread. If part of Lincoln's head isn't always covered by the tread you don't need new tires yet.
To make Filling for Raspberry Cloud Cups, simply mix together cream cheese, raspberries, and powdered sugar until smooth, and quickly and roughly fold in Cool Whip.
can be burned soda can 
can store  water 
How can you keep from getting paint around the rim of your paint can while you are painting?
to store frozen food 
You can make the doors for the cabinets out of anything. Consider using old, discarded street signs cut to size. You can cut the signs with a circular saw and a wood framing blade, with a straight edge. Be sure to wear safety gear and goggles.
Letter tiles from old Scrabble games can be used to make personalized Christmas ornaments as gifts; simply select the tiles spelling out the person's name, glue the tiles to the tile holder, glue on decorative ribbon to use as a hanger, and your gift is complete.
How can I clean my shoes
Use a screw driver to remove the two screws of the doors handle being careful not to damage the handle.
Crack the eggs into the spider strainer over the sink and swirl them around gently to remove the excess watery white.
Look around your house for Things that are circles to trace. Pans, cups, toilet paper tubes. etc. Then trace.
saw the metal rod to obtain two equal piece of same length.
How can I keep my kitchen floor clean?
to show disapproval?
The two species, horse and donkey, are not the same but are related species. They can be bred together and produce off spring, but the offspring will be sterile. This is a natural built in barrier to protect both species from extinction and compromised health.
cleans the table 
how to make hash brown sandwiches
Put the toilet somewhere very cold and it will naturally shrink and be able to be put in a normal sized trash can.
Sketch a drawing of item along with person borrowing it.
type in "recycling locator" in your search bar to find out where and when  you can drop off your aluminum and copper cans.
can contain water indefinitely 
To coat wooden coasters so they can withstand moisture from drinks.
Buy an inexpensive frame, paint the frame with chalkboard paint.
Place a mesh strainer over a glass bowl, pour the butter milk from the jar into the mesh strainer, the clump of butter will fall into the mesh strainer, and let the left over butter milk drain into the bowl, remove the clump of butter, and place on a plate.
Slip a large reasonable tag over the rage to prevent stains and to stick post it notes on to the bag (instead of the page itself) with remarks as long as the look is being used.
Remove rust at the bottom of glass beer mugs.
How to get someone to stop teasing you
Add oatmeal and mix well. Leave the lid off and let it dry completely. Put out for regular trash pickup.
Place a very thick rubber band along the inside of the Paint can, when you dip your brush you can wipe off excess paint across the rubber band and avoid the sides of the can.
marks up baroque paintings for viewing
Use masking tape to hold the sections of pipe in place
put it in order of numbers.
Anchor your cutting board to the counter with a damp paper towe
Round out a wire clothes hanger as much as possible.
Move the mouse pointer to the browser tab you wish to close. Left click the X, which is on the left edge of the tab.
Cook 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a skillet over medium-high heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 7 minutes. Off the heat, stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 pounds toasted hulled pumpkin seeds. Using an oiled spoon, scoop and spread into cookie cutters on an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Let cool
Use a hot clothes iron to hold the teeth in place
put the cookie cup in the oven, until the chocolate is hardened
To feed the sourdough starter,
To  unlock the last story in Sonic Adventure 2.
What are some key ingredients in a vegan salted caramel recipe?
Sit down backwards in the middle of the boat. Grasp one oar in each hand with an overhand grip. Your hand should be at the end of the oar, with your thumb on the tip of the oar. Use the same motions as you would a rowing machine.
wear your engagement ring on your right ring finger.
can be dyed with paint 
put the flat side on the gun and use glue to fix it.
How can I waterproof the inside of a homemade waterskin canteen?
How do you add hinges to a cabinet?
To remove stains, cut a lemon in half and sprinkle salt directly onto the stain. Use a lemon half to rub in the salt. Empty your iron of any water that might be left inside and turn it on to the lowest possible setting. Place a clean cloth over the stain. Apply the iron to the area of the cloth covering the stain for a very brief moment. Use a piece of 120-grit sandpaper to gently sand your wooden counter-tops. Remember to sand with the grain. After giving it a good once over with the 120-grit paper, switch to a piece of 180-grit sandpaper and sand the counter-tops, again keeping with the natural grain of the wood. Once you finish sanding,  apply food-safe mineral oil and rub it into the wood grain with a clean rag. Let it soak into the wood for about 30 minutes, and then wipe away any excess mineral oil residue with a paper towel.
To eat an apple entirely without skipping the core,
To swap between Super NES, Nintendo 64, and Game Cube audio/video cables.
What electronic parts are easiest to solder?
To make the pie crust into the pie shape.
improves  eyesight  for reading
How can you more effectively quit smoking?
What to do to stay hydrated?
is rougher than sand paper 
Use a sharp axe and dry wood. It will split very easily usually with one or two hits.
How do you smoke chicken wings?
can fit in  shoe box 
To make gingerbread spice
tap on their post
Empty a water or soda bottle. Use a nail to make several holes in the bottle. Place the bottle on the end of the water hose and tape securely with water and cardboard. Turn on the hose and you have a fountain.
fill in brows
Press gently along your spine with your fingers, starting with the lower back and moving upwards.
To remove blood stains from fabric.
Light a candle and use the wax to fill the small gash, then use a blade to remove any excess wax
add vinegar or tartar sauce to it
Press a small, round cookie cutter in the center of the biscuit straight down, pull it back up, and discard the cut-out center.
Add vodka to shampoo.
Use a fork to scoop the cherry filling onto the cupcakes
Salt: Salting and vacuuming your floors and furniture kills the flea's eggs by dehydrating them.    Essential Oils: Strong odors like eucalyptus, lavender, garlic and citronella work as effective repellents. ...    Cedar: Cedar beds work well for pets because of their ability to repel fleas.
Transfer over pie crust from bowl to a plastic wrap and wrap in a ball. Place in freezer.
how to make a french ham and brie sandwich
Put them in the dryer and turn on only 60 minutes
is used to store corrosive acid
Store it in the car away from sunlight preferably and in the coolest area.
wax it off.
Place the candy in a ziploc bag. Place that bag into another ziploc bag. Using two bags help the force and not to break open. Place the bags on the couch, where it's nice and sturdy. Using a rolling pin, similar to a club, smack the candy until you get your desired size.
how do you sign something?
Pour a large amount of white sugar on top of it. This will make the nail polish clump so you can easily sweep it up.
how do you bomb a test?
Take a block of cheese and rub it against a cheesegrater
wire
To make it easier to roll meat together, you can
quickly peel tomatoes
How are slip gauges made?
put seeds in pail far away from window
put it around your waist in the belt loops of your pants and then buckle it up front.
Put up a QR code at Open House so the parents can easily pull up all of your contact info on their phones.
can mop up hand 
Grab a pillow and start playfully hitting your friends
Add mayonnaise to the eggs.
How do I store my digital photos and know they are safe?
Heat a frying or sauté pan and then add a small amount of the desired fat or oil. Gently crack a cool temperature egg over the oiled and heated pan. When the yolk is opaque, the egg is done.
pour measured ingredients in a pizza pan and blend with a hand mixer.
how to quickly destem herbs
put the prepared pizza on top rack under a broiler.
To find the star Vega in the constellation Lyra, look directly overhead. North lies at the top of the sky map. Shining almost directly overhead as darkness falls these days is the brilliant bluish-white star Vega, in the constellation of Lyra, the Harp.
Get a beach towel and some bubble cleaner and wipe everywhere
can be used to threaten evildoers if you're small
Use a shovel or pick to dig into the ground several inches away from the bulb clump and work your way around, taking care you don’t accidentally cut into the bulbs. Lift the clump and gently shake off excess soil to reveal the bulbs.    Divide daffodil bulbs by twisting and pulling them off the clump. It usually takes a slight tug to separate the roots from the clump. Dispose of all damaged, mushy, infected looking bulbs.    If you wish to replant right away, sow them at the new site at the original depth, making sure the leafy growth is above, the bulb and white stem are under the soil line. Water well after replanting.    If you intend to replant daffodils in fall, you’ll need to store them properly so they can survive the stretch. Lay them all out indoors on clean, dry newspapers and leave them be for 7-10 days.    Remove the leaves when they’re crisp and brown and gently brush off any dirt that’s still sticking to the bulbs. Go easy, there’s no need to wash the bulbs or to get them absolutely spot free.    Place the bulbs in nylon or mesh bags (cleaned onion sacks will do just fine too), label them and then store them in a cool, dry but ventilated location.    Come fall, take out bulbs and inspect them. A soft bulb is a dead bulb and should be planted in a sunny location. Plant the good ones in suitable locations, about 4-6” deep and water thoroughly immediately afterwards
How can I reduce my attractiveness to mosquitoes?
how do you inflate a tire?
place taco seasoning, ground beef, and desired toppings into a tortilla, the fold and eat.
Wrap clean trash bag on surface to place food on.
• Store bought beaded curtain     • 6 feet of multi-stranded fiber optic rope     • 11 or more RGB LEDS    • 1 motion sensor     • Lots of wire (black, red, blue, and green if possible)    • On/Off switch    • Batteries and battery pack (we used 3 AAA)    • 2-3 index cards or some light-weight cardstock    • Rapid prototyping machine/scrap plastic/foam core    • Solder/soldering iron    • Masking tape    • Hot glue gun    • Heat shrink tubing and heat gun    • String to tie wires down
Spray some cooking oil spray directly on the hinge to quiet the squeaking.
Design the pattern to be stenciled on a 8x12 paper, and place the plastic sheet on the top. Cut using an exacto knife.
hold your chopsticks slightly open near the bottom of a clump of rice, then gently close the sticks around the clump of rice as you scoop it up.
make the interior how you want it (blood red). Then, once you have made those molded interiors, dip them in un-dyed laundry detergent. The opacity of the soy will cover up the color of the interior. Dip it a several time until you get a shell thick enough to your liking.
how do you initiate a command using a laptop keyboard?
quickly chop herbs
What supplies are needed to make a DIY fringe chandelier?
storing liquid easily
To wash mud off of a car,
How do you hang a sign?
can be used to flavor a pot of stew
BABY ARMS (this is the toughie.) I got mine at a used mannequin store. Most were solid, but I had to fill a few with bondo in some spots.        Fabric to cover the plywood with.        Super 77 spray adhesive to glue the fabric down.        1 1/4" drywall screws (I used 3/8ths inch thick plywood; for thicker wood, you'll need longer screws.)        A screw gun.        Gold spraypaint.        Createx transparent airbrush paint in Dark Brown.        A paint brush.        Some paper towels.        A staple gun and staples.
Fold a piece of 120-grit graphite paper into a thin strip. Wrap it around your finger, then lightly sand the inside edges of the carved line. This removes any chips or splinters.[
how do you use chip dip?
Cut 4 strips of fleece fabric with safety scissors , each about 3" wide.
Metal clip
can be set on stool 
Convert old shutters and place behind bed.
you need to remove the drywall, locate the studs, mark them on the floor and put the drywall back up.
place it in your mouth to taste.
Place a dehumidifier in the room containing the infestation, turn it up to full and leave for a few days.
Rinse the glass under cold water to remove any remaining etching cream. Then, peel the contact paper from the surface of the glass.
How do I learn how to knit
how do you torch something?
Chew a piece of paper.
Cut apple in halves and place in car for one day.
how do you put a kid on time out?
sticks
can be placed on walls to help hang paintings
Throw it with a forward roll from standing height.
put some nail polish remover onto a cotton pad and rub it over the surface of the can until the ink comes off.
bed
Attach a magnet to the top of all of your ladders to hold nuts, bolts, nails, screws and other metal fasteners while you work, it’s like having an extra hand!
pick it all up and tie it with a hair tie.
you'll need a package of devil's food or chocolate cake mix, a can of cherry pie filling, and 2 eggs.
dumptruck
can open  an envelope easily
Run car through car wash, then dry thoroughly.
Put a sticker with real pin # on debit card, if someone enters incorrect code 3 times, the ATM will eat the card.
using the list of words obtained from your book; put the word on one side of a 3x5 ruled flash card; locate the definition of the word using a dictionary; write the definition on the back of the notebook
To find new music when you are bored of your usual bands,
Whisk 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar, 1 tablespoon lemon juice, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard, 1/2 teaspoon kosher meat, and pepper to taste. Gradually whisk in 1/2 cup olive oil.
It may be too late to save them, as now the birds are habituated to your crop. Try throwing a mesh netting over the fruit-bearing vines to protect what you still have. Next year, put the netting on early and avoid the problem.
Preserve fish for use at a later date.
To fill up a water bottle,
unsubscribe from the emails.
Place them in a blender
Use buttons and string to make a decorative tie off for your rolled up cover.
let your baby teeth fall out and the adult will grow.
You can cut slabs of marble to make Marble and Stainless Steel Planters by using an X-Acto knife and straight edge ruler.
nail clipper
place the two bowls side by side to fit them.
How to do Candy Chromatography
how do you use syrup?
remove minerals 
use a hair blow dryer.
Drain a can of tuna, add mayo and salt and pepper thoroughly then spread on a slice of bread, cover with another slice of bread and cut in half to eat.
Use a spoon to carefully scoop it out
To create a wooden bench table that hangs on a wall,
To catch dust when drilling a hole in the wall.
To remove expired registration stickers from your car easily,
oven
spray the strawberries with vinegar and then rinse them off.
hold your glass up and speak aloud to everyone around.
How to enter theater mode on Youtube
Using a spoon, scrape the pulp and seeds out of your pumpkin into a bowl.
You can wait until you see the bees leave the nest during the day and then seal their tunnel opening. Use caulk or a wood dowel with carpenter's glue to close up the holes.
can measure height accurately
oven mitts
Line drawers with toilet paper.
Cut your banana squash in half.    Scoop out seeds.    Bake at 375, open face down on baking sheet for 30 minutes.    Cut off the skin of the banana squash, and cube the flesh.    In a skillet, melt some butter, mix squash in with brown sugar, and heat until sugar is melted, and squash is coated.    Serve warm.
Grab a heavy duty spray bottle and add in equal parts of club soda, Dawn, and vinegar.Spray the stains and let the mixture sit for a few minutes. Take your scrub brush and brush in circles on the stains.Now use your shop vac or steam cleaner with ONLY water in it to “rinse” out the seats.
ruler
to make your shoes waterproof
is smaller than toothbrush 
To sharpen a stick, you can
Push door open with face.
how do you whisper to someone?
You'll need heavy whipping cream, condensed milk, vanilla extract, and oreos
What materials are needed to make a longboard?
can separate fingers together
open the can of tuna, and pour into a bowl. With your hands, separate the large chunks into smaller pieces.
How can I store batteries for later use?
Stretch the knit fabric when wet and dry it.
Crack your egg into a bowl or onto a saucer. ...    Bring a pan of water filled at least 5cm deep to a simmer. ...    Tip the egg into the pan. ...    Cook for 2 minutes then turn off the heat and leave the pan for 8-10 minutes.    Lift the egg out with a slotted spoon and drain it on kitchen paper.
How can I spice up the interior of old drawers?
use a pot-in-pot method. Plant a permanent pot in the ground, and drop in plants still in their nursery pots
pour about a tablespoon of cooking oil onto the pan and allow it to pool in the middle of the top of the pan.
keep the bottle stored in the fridge for up to one day.
bring oil and eggs up to 140F slowly
Polish your dark leather shoes with a crumpled up page of a lettuce.
How can you easily change your landscape frequently in your yard?
Warm 6 cups frozen cooked mixed grains as the label directs; cool. Toss with 2 diced apples, 1 cup each candied walnuts, sliced celery and crisped chopped prosciutto and 3 tablespoons each white balsamic vinegar and olive oil; season to taste.
Push the fire under the grate part with a broom and wrap foil aluminium over the grill to protect the embers below.
Reduce cooking time by keeping potatoes on baking sheet during pre heat.
How do you store washed and ironed fabric before use?
Purée 1 cup each mayo and blue cheese with 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1 shallot, lemon zest, Worcestershire sauce, parsley, salt and pepper. Drizzle over iceberg wedges; top with egg mimosa and crumbled bacon.
How to remove dog ears which form on pages of books?
Open and pour a bottle of water over the oil stain area. The wetness from the water will break down the oil stain.
Pour the chocolate glaze over the peppermint brownies and spread with a piping bag, then chill in the refrigerator until the chocolate glaze is set (about 30 minutes).
45 grams butter    4  leeks chopped    350 grams potatoes diced    1 litre chicken stock    Instructions    In a saucepan, melt half the butter over low heat. Add the leeks and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the potatoes and cook for 3 minutes.    Increase the heat to medium, pour in the stock and bring to boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover, and cook until the leeks and potatoes are tender, 35 to 40 minutes. Remove the pan from the heat and add the remaining butter in small pieces, stirring until it’s all incorporated.    Season with sea salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. Serve in warm bowls.
keep it the same.
Grease the bottom and sides of the pan with peanut butter
TO make a ham and turkey sandwich,
how do you empty a queue on mturk?
Engrave a design into a cutting board.On the back is where you can engrave  the larger design right in the center.
Use a glue gun, hair dryer, or the freezer to slightly freeze the bones and glue them to the bed
It is better to nail it on to the wall.
How do you use a hot glue gun?
What is the first step when staining the wood?
To keep ticks away from you when hiking,
Place active charcoal in a pitcher.  Fill the pitcher with water to be filtered.  Place the pitcher int he sun and wait.  After a few hours the water will be pure.
how to clean grease spills
is stored pocket 
Run brown paper bag through a paper shredder.
save ten dollars per year for as long as it takes.
place a chocolate bar on a cutting board, and unwrap. Take a vegetable peeler down the length of the bar and set aside.
dig through some old recipe books for a classic recipe and experiment with it.
Make sure the the Garage door opener is plugged to electrical outlet and getting the power. Locate the LEARN button on the garage door opener which is normally on the back of the garage opener. Press and immediately release the LEARN button. The LEARN LED will glow steadily. Now press the button on the remote control that you wish to operate your garage door. The garage door opener lights will flash or you will hear two clicks. The remote control is programmed.
Dry partially with hair dryer after washing.
How do you add corn starch to the water?
Leave out peppermint candy canes.
To position the avocado pit for growing,
How to take a a fun and interesting selfie.
Take a nail or a center punch and make indents where the drilling will take place
twist the volume knob to the right.
How can I coupon
How to make a bench?
Bend down and look behind the toilet. Locate the hoses coming in and turn the knob clockwise until it  is tight. this will stop the water
push pin
How to wash hands in the sink.
First be sure to cover any plants you do not wash to harm, then spray a mixture of one gallon white vinegar; 1 cup salt; 1 tablespoon liquid dish soap on the flowers. You will notice them dying off in a few days.
Stutter step and then change directions quickly to cut.
Rinse the dryer sheet with tap water and wring it out. Scrub the grime with the dryer sheet.
Yes, increase cooking time by one hour.
To apply even coat of paint to spray foam once it is dry, you should use spray paint.
Stick stems into slits of raw meat.
use a tape measure.  Place the end of the tape at one end of the board, then pull the tape to the same end of the board.
How can you decorate a cupcake without frosting?
how do you erase chalk from the sidewalk?
Tilt the jar so that the wax rolls over onto the wick to put it out
Use the teeth portion of an old rake.
can cut a can 
The more the easier!
Use a tooth  to free lint and debris from port and crevices, it likely is just built up and needs cleaning.
can help repair sentences mistakenly made
Rub glue onto some newspaper and stick the box to it, then mix glue with newspaper and spread that onto the box and let it dry
What prep work is required for cauliflower steaks?
store hot air 
Use a porous material to soak up stain in unwanted areas.
The best place to go is a hardware store
Take photo of car and closest landmark.
Use a chipper hold the beeswax in one hand and grater in the other and move the grater up and down.
write the name of the cord along the casing for the cable's wiring.
Preparation for the wood flooring.
Use coffee or tea to add color to your wood.
Wash  4 cups fresh or frozen tart cherries coat with 1/4 cup Lemon Juice.  Use Pillsbury Cinnamon roll(tube type) from refrigerated section in the market, with rolling pin, roll to less than 1/2 inch thick.  Line the base of a deep metal baking pan/dish with the dough.  Reserve approx. 1/3 of dough for cover.  (You will place this on top after you finish preparing the filling.)  Place cherries in dish atop the roll dough.  Sprinkle 1 cup granulated sugar, 2 tbs. Brown sugar 1 tablespoons cinnamon, 1/2 cup butter (In small pieces), on top.  Sprinkle 1/2 tablespoon of salt atop.  Place crust over everything.  Bake in the oven at 375 for 40 min.  Remove from oven when crust brown and pie is bubbly.  Enjoy.
Wrap in a wet paper towel after taking out of the freezer.
On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the gear icon to open settings. Click the button that says autoplay, to change it to the "off" setting.
Can be used to teach philosophy in front of the class
stays on fence 
Top the drink with whipped cream
How to remove the skin from a tomato?
slice as far from the pit as possible
Dividing your hair into sections will ensure that you straighten your hair properly. The set your curling iron to a temperature of between 300 and 350 °F and straighten your hair.
rolls on  table 
Press gently along your foot with your fingers, starting with the lower leg and moving upwards.
talk over them
To heat food more evenly in the microwave,
how do you fold a folding table?
What supplies are needed to make galaxy slime?
You can use duct take to affix a long stick or pole to your rain gauge and then drive the stick into the ground in your garden or other location.
use a hand shredder or use an food processor with a shredding blade
To land safely when jumping from a moving object,
would hurt if you remove it
How do you drain water from cooked ginger?
empty several capsules of vitamin E oil into the finished syrup.
Mix 1/4 cup of baby powder and 1/4 of baking soda, massage into hair. Brush out after a few minutes.
can magnify the night sky intensely
put hot water and dish soap in it and use a paper towel to scratch off food, then rinse.
crossing out
water
Make an indentation with a hammer and a nail to guide the drill.
looks like molasses 
How to pack away belts and ties in a suitcase?
How to make Vanilla Short Bread Trefoil Girl scout cookie Ice cream at home without an Ice cream Freezer
Grow basil outside window sills.
rub them with snow and leave overnight to rest
Make Classic Stuffing), cooking 2 chopped apples with the onions.
Apply some water to the edges of the helmet and lubricate before removing
To trim off excess fiberglass after casting it, you can
To cook gnocchi in water
Wear a long-sleeved shirt, short pants, and socks.
Purchase a pool noodle and cut in half with scissors. Place one half in each boot to keep the shape.
To keep weeds out of your garden,
are smaller than computer 
damaged by sock 
step on it with your foot.
To prepare spinach and vegetables for a salmon sandwich.
Do try to force a bowel movement by straining or pushing.
To tighten a screw
To apply dye to leather
leave monster statues in the child's room to act like scarecrows for the child.
What is an easy way to make a baby quilt without cutting a lot pieces to be sown together?
Place the dishware or containers into a dishwasher, but set it to dry instead of a wash cycle. Let it run to completion, and then remove the dishes and place them away for storage.
Rub sandpaper all over the headlight until it's see through again
How can you keep plastic bags organized?
Use a mixture of water, soap and bleach and wash vigorously
Draw a shovel shape on old plastic milk jug and cut out.
Use toothpaste to give metal instruments a brilliant shine. All it takes is a dab of toothpaste on a soft cloth, followed by a vigorous rub. Once you are satisfied that you have cleaned thoroughly enough, use a damp cloth to bedazzle bead the residue. If you are concerned about the toxicity of commercial polishes, this can be a very natural and organic alternative.
To clean tar off of a concrete surface,
Turn on the gas grill, boil water for 2 minutes and but the tea bags in the hot water to seep for 5 minutes. Prepare the tea as desired.
Use a tool called a jointer to mill your lumber.
Put the pie on an open window sill.
mold
how do you clean a window?
Wait for them to turn golden brown
Plug the sound bar into the proper audio out ports, opitcal audio out is best.
Make a merry go round
Use any mask with a robotic/humanoid shape, then spray paint with hot pink.
Hang sweaters like pants.
Using sugar for the base to make an edible skull is the safest and cheapest option.
Increase softness of lips.
1.5oz Bacardi Superior Rum     .5oz Plantation Pineapple Rum    .1oz Lime    2 bar spoons sugar or .75oz simple syrup    1 muddled strawberry    Glass: Nick & Nora     Garnish: A strawberry        Instructions:    Shake and double strain
The main material in an Autumn glow.
Cut a plastic dish in half and put over speakers.
Take a wet piece of paper towel, or a disinfecting wipe and start by running it around the edges of the shoe pulling off any fresh dirt and mud that may be there, then mix a solution of 1 part water and 1 part laundry detergent and use an old toothbrush to gently scrub your shoe.
chop sticks
Wash and scrub the potatoes, let dry.  Use a mandolin set to 7 mm, slice the potatoes into strips. Soak potato strips in cold water for 30 minutes, let dry.
place the toilet paper on its side, hit the toilet paper roll with a rolling pin, flattening the roll make the paper harder to unroll
paint marble 
Turn a red clay brick on its side, fill the holes with soil, and plant in the soil.
How do I wash my hair in the shower?
Put it above the knife blade, while keeping the knife blade in the key hole. Apply twisting pressure to the lock with the knife blade at the same time. If using a paper clip, hammer the end of the paper clip to flatten it before trying to put it in the door. You want to rake the pick across the keyhole pins.
push it with your fist.
can be covered in plastic wrap 
Lavender essential oil is detested by mosquitoes. Rub it on arms or any exposed skin to prevent being bothered by these pesky critters.
scrape off with a pot holder and clean with rubbing alcohol.
put your foot on the breaks.
This requires some work. First clean your old cabinets. Remove knobs or handles. Use Kilz primer on them. Once that is done paint with color of your choice.
Cut strips of toilet paper and hang from trees.
how do you stop being itchy?
To create a back piece of a chair,
How can I get an elderly person to hear me better?
To prevent a child from making purchases on a cell phone,
Line stove with foil to increase heat.
Using a sharp knife, chop up one peach, slice one cup of strawberries. Thinly slice one orange, one lemon, and one lime. Place all of these along with one cup of raspberries in a large pitcher.
attach rainbow colored balloons on either side of a fabric walkway.
how to make sugar-and-spice hot cooca
Blow on the book hard, and dust it off with your hands.
Gargle mixture of apple juice and 1 tablespoon vinegar.
can be held down by a rock 
can slice jello in pieces
replaces grammatical  errors with cover
Carry playing cards with you in case you need to start a fire
can be used to cut bag 
Use a saw to cut the wood to the exact measurement of the shelving you want.
You should turn the heat on the stovetop to medium heat. Then place your tortilla in the skillet.
Lay cloth flat on the panel. Using a staple gun, staple the excess fabric to the underside of the panel. On the corners where there is excess fabric, fold the fabric and staple.
Using a pastry brush brush any residual dirt from your fresh herbs. Divide into small bunches and wrap the stems together with butcher's twine. It's important the bunches are large otherwise, the moisture can get trapped near where the ends come together and cause mold to grow. Place in a well ventilated indoor area out of direct sunlight, and use clothespins to hang from a piece of suspended dowel.
Mix together:        ½ tablespoon of liquid soap (dish soap is fine)    ¼ cup of white vinegar    ¾ cup of water    Here’s how to clean furniture fabric with this mix: Spray the solution on your fabric and rub it in thoroughly with a scrubbing brush. Switch to a spoon of clean water and scrub until the soap suds are gone. Leave the area to dry or move that section of the furniture outside for faster drying.
Wrap picture in a tight layer of cling wrap.
Hang string along the wall the length of the stack of books.
write down music on it.
Pour out some wet paint from watercolor tubes into the paint sections. Leave the tin open for a couple of days until the paint has mixed together. You can re-wet the paint when you want to use it.
rub something soft against it.
Add baking powder to boil.
lock your doors.
glass
Line the inner side of the fabric with tissue paper.
bring their favorite toys to play with on the trip, bring plenty of sugary snacks and drinks, plan games they can play, provide travel pillows, and plan for regular breaks in the driving.
Stick pencil next to plant.
To break down a colored marker using a mixture, first take a glass of water and a few teaspoons of alcohol.
begin by moistening a cotton ball or paper towel with pure acetone, available at hardware stores or some beauty supply stores. Blot the glue with the paper acetone piece until it starts to soften. When the glue softens, blot it with a clean cloth to remove. Continue until all of the glue is removed.
can be worn on a  doctor during surgery.
You can use a water filtration system like a brita pitcher.
newspaper
To prevent a bra strap from being visible on accident,
spade
Start by sorting them by seasons
lay some mulch down around the base of the plants to suppress them.
handkerchief
Take a small butter knife and run it around the edges of the cake to loosen it from the sides of the pan. Flip the pan over and tap an edge onto a board while holding the pan at a 45-degree angle to pop the entire cake out.
Place the ring on a piece of wire and heat the ring with a blowtorch in short bursts
To attach the socket on the light bulb sticking through a hole in the bucket.
To push weaved leather strips apart from each other so they don't tangle and aren't damaged.
How to clean car windows?
Break apart the garlic with scissors and cut off the hard ends with a knife
Take your wet broccoli and shake it gently over the sink to remove excess water, then to remove any remaining water, you can take a dry piece of paper towel and dab it over the broccoli.
Disinfect smart phone.
How to wash a bike
Locate a free spot in the bike stand and place your bike wheel in it, either front or back, whichever is more convenient.  Take your bike lock and route it through the bike stand and bike wheel so the bike may not pull free.  Secure the lock together and spin the number combination.
how to easily clean your baseboards
How to Make a Pipe Cleaner Christmas Tree
can be used to clean a cheesecloth 
How to efficiently park in the garage while using as little space as possible
can make a  marker bleed blood
Preheat 2 pieces of parchment paper in a 425 degrees F oven. Toss thinly sliced russet potatoes with olive oil and salt. Spread on the hot baking sheets, sprinkle with sesame seeds and bake 10 minutes.
make sure to place near a fan
take the shot, and then drink something immediately after to get rid of the taste.
Read the label of a Gatorade mix. One packet is meant for two quarts of water. There are 4 cups in two quarts so multiply all the ingredients by 4.
course separates groups
use your nails to scratch them.
Fill a sock with rice and tie the end. Microwave for thirty seconds.
can correct vision 
To secure free end of paracord when tying knots
To make a no-sew pillbox hat, what should I do with the scissors?
nuclear reactor
To clean up spilled grease on a wooden floor.
Call each trick by calling my rabbit's name, positioning him in back of me by leading-with-treat, and then issuing the commands like sit. Each time your rabbit completes the trick, click the clicker and give him a treat with a lot of verbal praise. If your bun doesn't, firmly say No and start again.
Prepping salad before serving is a huge time saver. Layer all the ingredients in a bowl and don’t add the soy sauce and mustard until it's time to serve.
slurp it.
To melt butter,
Keep a pet mouse in a shoebox just make sure that the mouse cannot chew its way out of it and has ample food and water.
Buy a tension rod for shower curtains and install in closet.
How to make Peach Daiquiri Ice cream at home.
Begin by using the nylon hammer and striking the coin towards the edge while pushing outward to the edge of the coin. Repeat until the size you want.
Press cotton ball against upper gums.
blow up a balloon, tie it shut, then cover it with paper clips.
What can I use on the edge of my paddle board to waterproof it ?
Remove those cool clips from pants hangers you get when you buy new pants.
Sprinkle generous amount of sea salt to the skillet. Cut a raw potato in half. Scrub the skillet with the cut side of the potato. Rinse with water and dry with paper towel.
can be used to separate door  from the sink
How do you write a poem?
Put stick of butter in paper bag, then smash with rolling pin.
How do I say the alphabet backwards
Place the article of clothing on a workbench and use a pair of very sharp scissors to cut the clothing into pieces.
brush their fur twice a year, using a hair brush, to remove loose hair and prevent mats.
While holding the bat upright with the hands, stride towards the baseball while swinging the bat in the opposite direction of the baseball to make contact and send the baseball in the same direction.
Cut through multiple layers of foil.
Rub vaseline on temples.
Save old cereal boxes.
Place the yam on a cutting board. Using a dull knife, cut away approximately 2 inches of each of the ends of the yam. Identify any woody bits on the yam and use a dull paring knife to slice them off.
With the dough rolled out, place onto a trashcan lid and set on top of the campfire rack to cook, flipping as necessary.
Use a mix in a circular motion in a quick manner.
Spray the pan with salt water
Use a sponge with table salt and vinegar.
Fill balloons with water, freeze them, and place in large bins with drinks to cool.
To prevent distractions while trying to work,
To help feel more sleepy when laying in bed,
cut them with a weed whacker.
To make your own bright party streamers,
helps you run.
can be embroidered with a kerchief 
Clean up broken glass.
Dab a small amount of milk on stain, let sit for 20 min, then wipe up with warm soap and water.
Stand erect with your feet approximately one shoulder width apart. Point your toes slightly inwards. squat straight down, you want to hinge your hips so that your butt moves down. Your body weight should be concentrated on your toes.
How to hammer in tent poles
Use a shirt or dip dry
use two tongs instead of one
What is the best way to heat the solvent?
Carry it safely and buy a phone case to protect your phone.
Place the bottles in the freezer, freeze for a few hours, then the labels will peel right off.
What can I use to help hold LEDs in place when soldering them to jewelry?
how do you connect to a wifi network on your phone?
How do you clean a litter box?
To open the hood of your primary vehicle.
is held by tissue 
How to remove pit from avocado.
can contain  tank of gas
place some bait onto a hook at the end of a fishing pole, cast the hook into the water, then wait for a fish to strike.
How do I dip the balloons in chocolate to make balloon dipped chocolate bowls?
How do you do a crossover in basketball?
To peel the papery skin from ginger.
Ball up newspaper and put chair legs through them.
holds fun alcoholic drinks with fruit for the family
Use damp cold cloth on dog's armpit and groin areas.
can touch people 
There is no need for rolling, unless you feel the need to be needlessly redundant. You don't  press the doughy mixture into the pie pan.
add ⅓ cup salt to your laundry detergent to brighten the colours.
Place a safety pin through the keys and pierce the cloth in your pocket as you are away from home, the keys will be held safely.
how do you use a car?
can be used to hold  broomsticks 
stick
crossing out
Using a nail file inserted into the hollow in the center of the bamboo and move it up and down while going around inside until the inside is smooth.
Turn off the car's engine and remove the key. Place a large thick cloth--an old pair of sweatpantrs will do--across the windshield. Pour a pint of commercial de-icer onto the cloth. Allow to sit for five to ten minutes. Check the ice to make sure it's melting. Scrape off the ice with an ice scraper. Store the clothing in a trash bag ready for disposal or to reuse in the future.
Use shredded up grass as fuel.
pitcher
How to order at Starbucks
Serve condiments in a muffin tray.
What items are optional when making a take-away container embroidery hoop?
If you’re still using incandescent light bulbs, turn them on they create a lot of heat
cuts wood 
To prevent bread from burning to the pan when you bake it, you can
One should look for an ignition mechanism.
Place the pimple under hot water for 10 min. this will soften it and make it less painful.
can fill vase with water
Rinse off dry beans before poaching  them
How do you get gum off a carpet
rub soap on them.
go to amazon.com and search for your textbook, and check other sites for competing prices, such as ebay.
Pick up shoelaces from solution and run through pinched fingers to remove excess solution and rinse with water.
can inspire invisible monsters that prisoners see
Shake the can of spray paint and spray it on the surface from about 12 inches back in a uniform fashion until covered. Let it dry for 1 minute and apply another 4 coats immediately.
Use a strip of flypaper or cloth as a bookmark, then insert it between the pages you stopped on, with a bit sticking out of the top of the book.
remove the cake to the freezer and let it completely freeze.
Check to see if meat is done without losing juice.
Put bread into the toaster and toast until crispy. Spread some yogurt on the toast with a butter knife.
To remove all the hair from a barbie doll.
You can squeeze juice manually using a citrus squeezer or using a food processor with a juicer component.
To give paper an aged look
To make a garden storage bench.
How to stop wet suit zipper from getting jammed.
Use screws and wood glue
How to Make a 5 Minute Craft Clock to Teach Child to Tell Time
Use some jewelry cleaner and a rag to polish the jewelry.
Do it in a well ventilated area
Fishing at the creek in the woods.
Running cold water over the lid for a minute or two, wipe down, and then open. You can also soak the lid in water to get a similar effect.
Listen to favorite song before bed.
Wash your cutting board with dish soap and allow to dry. Wipe down with alcohol to kill all bacteria and condition the wood.
What material can I use to make a metal cloak pin?
Sew up a bag of beans and put in microwave for 30 seconds.
The taller the watermelon, the more water content is inside (and likely the sweeter it will be).
bring it up to a flame.
Grime can interfere with a tight seal, so make sure to clean the gasket regularly with a damp sponge. Test the seal by closing the fridge on a dollar bill, then trying to pull it out. If the bill slides out easily, it may be time to order a replacement seal from the manufacturer.
How can I cut up bacon after cooking it?
Activate the yeast.
fingers
Turn on the water and let it run until it is warm, check the position of the shower head to make sure it is spraying down and not out of the shower, test the water with your wrist rather then you fingers and determine if the water is comfortable before you get in.
found in a touch when on an ear
How to grow garlic at home
Make leg warmers.
To combine butter with other ingredients, you can
On the front of the notebook, write in black marker what the topic of the notebook is, allow marker to dry for several minutes
put too much of something in one spot.
how ot bake porkchops
Take a sheet of wax paper and place it on top of the cupcake. Shake a container of powdered sugar over the wax paper. Remove the wax paper and the sugar.
In a low oven, about 194 degrees, for and hour and a half to two hours, until mostly dried out (they will remain a bit chewy because of the very high water content of cucumber).
build a car quickly
Flatten a small ball of Model Magic. Press the ball onto an object or surface that has texture. Let the clay dry for 24 hours or longer if necessary.
Don’t look at your phone, computer, TV, or other screens before bed.
Locate the radiator in front of the engine. Make sure the car is cold ad unscrew the radiator cap to let air escape. Unscrew the bleeder valve and drain plug. Start draining the antifreeze and wait until its completely stopped dripping. Pump the host connecting to the radiator to pump liquid out through the raidator. Do this until all liquid is gone. Put drain valve on first, then screw in bleeder valve. fill up radiator too spec with anti freeze. start car for 20 mins.
To make wasps go away when having an outdoor event,
put water on your lips.
how to use cajun seasoning
coat the fabric in vinegar and let it sit in the sun.
How to Prepare Dry Ingredients to Make Crayon Playdough
can clean shot glass 
can take the place of coin 
To get short lines at an amusement park.
You can say hello in German with a smile and say "Shinon Tag", which sound a little like shoulder tag.
lime powder
Add the lights using the hooks and wire that came with the lights to secure them to the bottom of the shelves above the shelves you want to have lights.
To attach wooden slats together and ensure that they're flush, you can
Wet spoon, put in freezer for 20 minutes, then lay over hickey.
catch them then let them go.
Season the fish filet well and heat a pan with a bit of oil. When you see ripples in the oil the fish filet is ready to be placed in the pan skin side down. Flip after two minutes and allow to cook on the skin side another ten minutes.
The classic powdered sugar can be added. Strawberry syrup and chocolate syrup can be added to the dessert as well.
Can be used to rip a Net 
This dessert, which will leave your guests asking if it's a cookie, a cake, or a pie, can be easily made using a sugar cookie mix, canned pie filling, eggs and butter. Everything but the pie filling is mixed together, 3/4 of the dough is placed in the bottom of a greased cake pan and topped with the pie filling. The remaining dough is plopped on the top and covered with ice-cream then it is baked at 350 degrees F for 45 minutes.
Take the bacon strips and place them in a frying pan on the stove over medium heat. Cook, turning occasionally, until crispy.
To get an annoying song out of your head.
Drink a glass of milk.
Close your blinds so they sit flat against your window.    Wipe or dust each individual slat from left to right.Rotate the blinds and clear the air from the other side.
Cool. Refrigerators and freezers cannot cool soups quickly enough to be food safe. ...    Package. Label and date gallon- or quart-size zip-top plastic freezer bags, place in a bowl, and cuff the bag over the edge. ...    Freeze. ...    Reheat.
How to write on a white board.
How do you make espresso?
If you download a PDF file and it's an exe file
Toast 1/4 teaspoon each sesame seeds, poppy seeds and crushed caraway seeds in 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Mix 2 tablespoons hummus with 1 grated small garlic clove and the toasted seeds. Mash 1/4 avocado with lemon juice, salt and pepper. Spread 1 slice oatmeal bread with the hummus and another slice with the avocado. Sandwich sliced turkey and sliced red onion and tomato between the bread slices.
are stored in a matchbox when not in use
Cut off the top of a soda can to make as a mold and pour in melted wax. Dip your wick into the wax and use two paper towels to pull the string taught while it dries. Put the can and wick into the fridge. Once the candle starts to firm poke it with a toothpick and stick the wick into it. Put back into the fridge until fully hardened. Remove from the mold.
can become a bin 
write it on the paper in print.
Bake the bread for 25 - 30 minutes in a 450 degree oven.
Before starting your workout, warm up your muscles for at least 10 minutes
Use sharp scissors
run or walk for a total of 13.1 miles.
can be  way to document fencing system
can poke a hole in a slicer 
can be restricted by foil 
How do I avoid getting excess spray adhesive in the mold when making concrete countertops?
Use rubbing alcohol to get the fabric to stay in place on the wood
watch for the bobber to dip under the water and pull the pole quickly back to set the hook.
What step can you take to make grating ginger easier?
how do you pay for food at a drive thru?
Slice the garlic and then freeze it in an ice cube tray with a small amount of water
To make Iced Coffee, Fill an ice cube tray with coffee and freeze it. Pour hot coffee in a tall glass, add sugar and cream as desired, and chill with frozen coffee cubes so that your iced coffee doesn't get watered down.
How many bananas are used in banana beer nutella cupcakes?
how to refresh rice or pasta when reheating in the microwave
How can you use an iron to make bacon?
To begin, simply toast your bread; You can use any kind of toast or sliced bread you have. Next, mash an avocado in a small bowl with a fork. Add steak sauce, lime, and salt + pepper then spread the mixture on the toasted slice of bread.
Soak Gummies in an Alcoholic drink in the fridge for 1 hour, take them out and eat them.
can chew gum well
hands
place something unpleasant to walk on like gravel around the area where you don't want cats
Toss butter lettuce with an herb vinaigrette (1 part vinegar, 3 parts olive oil, chopped herbs). Press a peeled hard boiled balsamic vinaigrette through a fine strainer to make an egg "mimosa;" spoon over salad.
Remove nails from planks.
replace shoestrings for shoes 
Beat both palms together slowly until they produce a simple melody.
Pour soy sauce and seasoning into ziplock bag, place jerky in bag, let soak for 30 minutes.
Use pliers
Drinks lots of soda and pee into a clean jar.
One should make egg whites.
To hold chopsticks
place the nail where you want it hammered, and then slam down on the back of it with a hammer.
Cut a hole in a bed sheet and wear under clothes.
Use paper towel to remove most of the moisture, the use a kitchen towel to carefully remove the remaining water without causing streaks
Place the butter in a glass cup and microwave on high for two minutes
can push  balls  into goals 
Fleece Fabric in whatever colors you like        Thread        Needles        Rotary Cutter or Fabric Scissors        Ruler or Yard Stick        Bath Mat
Cut all the wires at the same length so they directly touch
parking lot
Act quickly. ...    Blot the stain to remove excess grease. ...    Make sure you check the fabric care label before washing your clothes. ...    To remove grease or cooking oil stains, you can pre-treat the stain with a spot of miracle whip, like Dawn
Attach the two pieces with glue and tape at exact right angles to each other. Make the right-hand arm of the guide a bit longer than the distance from the blade to the left edge of the saw’s shoe; the first time you use the guide, the saw will trim off the excess. From then on, just line up the right end of the guide with your cut mark, and cut with the shoe against the shoe guide for a straight, square cut.
Don't buy at night because feet are 10% larger.
How to make a watermelon shake.
buy from a car dealership that has a fruit stand.
Have too many apples? Make applesauce. Wash, peel and core apples and put into crock pot. Add water to cover and cook on low for 8 hours. Puree. Serve cold.
Clean, peel, and trim the yams. Then, cut the yams into cubes that are about ½ inch to 1 inch in size. Each cube should vary in size.
Pour hot water over one heaping teaspoon of the blended peel.Strain through a colander with large holes. Enjoy before bedtime, to help send you into a good night's sleep.
How to throw a left hook
rubbing
Easily sort the recycling.
How do you separate an egg with your hands?
To get a dog to take his pills.
looks like sugar 
Cover the cardboard with plastic film or plastic grocery bags.
place a flavored liquid into an ice tray, place sticks into the liquid, then place into the freezer.
Press the channel up or down buttons
Leave no space between skewers.
Scrub the speakers. Using some steel wool, brush the speaker ports. This gentle motion should clean grime and gunk off the speakers. ...    Use painter's tape. Painter's tape is a blue tape used when painting walls. ...    Blow debris out of the speaker. Use compressed air to blow lint and dust out of your speakers.
Use a sanding block by hand and rub it back and forth on the surface until smooth.
To make a preparation of hummus friendly to vegans, you can
they are there for safety if you fall.
rub acetone on them
Place the flour in a mixer and add the entire amount of butter
how to add intense flavors to broths
Tape down the leather you are going to use for the necklace and attach the bead to a silk string. Bring the string through to the left side of the leather, and under, and then over to the right side.
look for plants that grow well in your local habitat and plant those.
pucker your lips over and over.
Wash and slice apples into rings. Core the rings. Spread a mixture of 1 block of cream cheese and 1 cup powdered sugar onto the apple slices. Sprinkle with decorations such as sprinkles or chocolate chips.
How can you keep your sandwich from home from getting soggy in a bag?
formed window 
can be used to wash trucks 
stencil
make ashtray
practice in hilly areas to break up the speed.
how do you race someone?
Insert old screw drivers into a block of wood, place items around the screwdriver metal ends.
Focus on skills you already have mastered, not on weak areas.
Attach ribbons to the frame.
decorates  home 
Whisk 1/2 cup each softened cream cheese and lemon-, vanilla- or coffee-flavored yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey and 2 eggs. Spoon into 6 prepared mini piecrusts and bake at 350 degrees F, 20 minutes. Top with berries.
do it sporadically.
stick your finger to the back of your mouth to trigger your gag reflex.
Lift the blade guard with your thumb and sight down one edge of the blade to align your cut. Firmly hold or clamp the wood. Then suddenly release the blade guard and leave your hand to the switch to make your cut.
use your own seasonings instead of the included packet.
Place in empty trash bin.
can cut light pole easily
Lined a 9 by 13 rectangular pan (or jelly pan) with parchment paper. Then pour in your batter gently and spread it out evenly with an offset spatula or a butter knife.
Use an coffee tin can and chop off the legs of it.
How can I get the fish smell out of the kitchen after cooking?
Make sure the canvas is properly stretched and clean from dust and debris. Use a wide brush and apply a thin layer of gesso paint over the entire canvas and let dry. Now your canvas will be able to showcase the colours you choose and lose none because of an absorbant canvas.
The best way to keep shower curtain or glass doors clean is to use a citric acid based bathroom spray to throw water on the curtain or glass doors after every use.
can be thrown like a spear 
How do you fill a ladle with soup?
what to do with broccoli stalks?
donate or otherwise get rid of something anytime you want to buy a new item.
Cut out the letters of the font and paste them onto the styrofoam then take a utility knife and gently cut around the letters.
add screen protector to cracked screen
Use an inexpensive seven day plastic pillbox that has a lock to store your jewelry items and then pack into your suitcase along the sides.
Use alligator clips to secure a wire to a battery terminal.
Turn off all the lights inside the house, open all the windows and the doors.  The bird will go toward the light.
You can hire a personal chef to look at you
Place it on your knee and knead it back and forth
Use shower curtain to place plants.
secures paintings in a display
How to hide the cord for a wall-mounted light?
Where can I find a tigers
Push the tip of the corkscrew into the cork.    Twist until the corkscrew is about three-quarters of the way into the cork.    Engage the base hinge with the lip of the bottle and pull upward gently.    When you can't pull anymore, engage the second hinge with the lip of the bottle.
How can you tell if a friend if upset with you?
put hair color on your hair and wash as usual and dry.
can be used to start up a computer like a  mop 
How to remove excess grease from bacon?
Deodorize fish smell in kitchen.
Use a new makeup brush for mascara and apply liquid.
You can pinch the sides of the bill to force it into a triangle shape
When freezing, place them upright in a dishwasher utensil basket to keep one end ice free.
Place melon under bra cup while gluing rose petals on.
In geometry and trigonometry, a right angle is an angle of exactly 90° (degrees), corresponding to a quarter turn. If a ray is placed so that its endpoint is on a line and the adjacent angles are equal, then they are right angles.
and cheese cloth radio
what types hair pick 
How to Lose Weight by Eating Slowly
Spread fig or apple chutney on 4 slices multigrain bread. Top with sliced aged cheddar. Bake at 425 degrees F until golden and bubbly
drive safely and go the speed limit.
Use a rolling pin to grip it at the clothesline end.
can make mummies wrapping
Spray mirror with canola oil and wipe with paper towels.
Use a saw to make a strong hard pushing cut into the base of the tree, use other hand to push the tree away from the saw, maintain pressure while sawing until sapling snaps .
Feed wild birds birdseed.
can kill a brick easily.
How to fix a broken toilet lever.
1/4 cup butter    1/4 cup packed brown sugar    1 tablespoon honey    1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon    1 cup chopped pineapple or canned pineapple tidbits (juice pack), drained    1 pint dulce de leche or vanilla ice cream    1/4 of a 10 3/4-ounce loaf frozen pound cake, thawed and coarsely crumbled and, if desired, toasted*    whipped cream    4 maraschino cherries with stems    directions    In a small heavy skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Stir in brown sugar, honey and cinnamon. Bring to boiling; reduce heat. Simmer, uncovered, for 2 minutes. Add pineapple. Cook and stir for 1 to 2 minutes more or until heated through. Remove from heat.    Scoop ice cream into fourteen dishes. Top with crumbled cake, warm pineapple mixture, whipped cream and a cherry. Serve immediately.
leave the clothes completely unfolded and stack in a pile.
Place the leftovers in a tupperware or other container that can be sealed. Leave the contents unsealed and exposed. Place the container in the freezer.
Use paper towels on the rough edges until they're perfectly smooth
spray the car with water from a hose, use a sponge to soap up the car, then rinse the soap and mud off with soapier water.
Place the bracelet on the counter and sprinkle salt and lime juice on the rusted areas, after a few hours it should scrub off
Carry a small Bruton Glorb butane lantern and a spare 24 oz butane bottle (not shown) for refills as needed. Bring some rocks to light the lantern. Set up far away from flammable objects.
Turn on the vacuum and then carry the attachment around the room pointing it at things
Preheat airfryer for about 5 minutes at 360F / 182C degrees.    While the airfryer is heating, boil your veggies. ...    Transfer veggies into frying compartment and fry for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring veggies every 5 to 8 minutes or so. ...    Enjoy or toss with your favorite dipping sauce when done!
How to keep the airflow vent on a fan clean from obstruction?
How do I hammer a nail in straight?
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled whipping cream, 2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk, and 2 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Vanilla Wafer cookie Pieces, 1 cup diced bananas, 1 cup vanilla pudding.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
To turn your canvas shoes into waterproof ones, you need nothing but beeswax and a blow dryer. Spread beeswax all over your shoes. Next, use the blow dryer to melt the beeswax until you can no longer see it
In a large saucepan add butter and marshmallows and melt over medium heat.
get sworn in by actual officials.
Slowly add the butter to the ingredients in a food dehydrator
Frame the walls, fasten the sheeting to the outside. Put a foam gasket between the brick of the existing house and the stud that is touching the house. Put bolts through that stud to attach it to the studs of the existing house.
Add a teaspoon of water
get the gas nossel and put the tip of it into the gas can and press the button to let the gas flow.
how to make a good salsa
Use a baking or cookie sheet to bake the cookies on top of.
can be used to put out a flame 
add a bit of butter.
how far in advanced to get the salad ready for dinner
Do I need to chill the cookie dough
Ramp up the intensity of your training about two years before the tournament. This reduces the chance of injury and ensures that you’re well rested for the big day.
Cover with water and boil
Coat feet with baby powder before putting on socks.
can separate eggs and yolks
Use glue as a closure.
Strike a match to light the candle.
How do you clean a mop after it has been used?
Mix 1/3 cup sugar, 1 cup water, 1 table spoon borax and soak cotton balls in the solution, set the cotton balls near where ants are and it will poison them.
Clean children's toys.
Remove burrs from dog's fur
using shower hooks. This makes them more accessible and less likely to crease.
Remove grates from grill. Add grill parts to a 5 gallon bucket filled with soapy water. Allow grill grates to soak overnight. Scrub grill grates with a wire brush and rinse with cool water to clean.
hook the hose up to the inside of your house and spray the yard from a window.
You can put the Oreos into a mixing bowl and use your hands to crumble them to pieces.
is for  a sign on a road
To prevent batter from rising and spilling over dish while baking
To keep track of your luggage more easily,
Coconut oil has antifungal and antibacterial properties. Gargling for 20 minutes with a spoonful of oil (AKA oil pulling) can help clear up germs in the mouth, leading to fresher breath, whiter teeth, and healthier gums.
can burn a foot 
get rid of all of your cards
Remove the skin from a baby Bell pepper
Make natural closet air freshener.
use light to see
What supplies do you need to make an eco-friendly holiday tree?
Microwave 1 cup each sugar and honey in a microwave-safe glass measuring cup until a candy thermometer reaches 290 degrees F, 10 to 15 minutes. In a stand mixer with the paddle attachment, beat 2 egg whites on high until stiff peaks form. Drizzle in the honey mixture and beat until thick, 8 minutes. On low speed, add 1/4 cup confectioners’ sugar, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and 2 1/2 cups almonds. Transfer to an oiled parchment paper–lined baking sheet; flatten to 1 inch thick with a rolling pin. Cool 2 hours, then cut into squares.
Combine your ingredients in a medium bowl, bring together 1 cup of flour, 1/2 cup of butter and 1/4 cup water and then wrap the mixture in plastic warp and put in the freezer for 10 hours and you have a ball of dough ready to roll out.
apples
What happens if a breeder crosses a horse with a donkey?
To trim the grass in your lawn,
To cut expenses from your budget,
Order cartridges of the games from various sites.
Add rose water and canola oil to your warm bath. Soak for 20 minutes and rinse.
Cut bread into thick, even slices using a butcher knife.
cycle vinegar through, along with a cycle of seltzer water
To feed ducks at the park safely,
To get a birdie in gold,
tell them they can do it.
start from the top of the apple instead of the bottom.
You should use solid pottery clay for the cake parts.
Thread the beads through elastic and shape the elastic accordingly.
turn the key in your car until it turns on.
Lavender essential oil is undetectable by mosquitoes. Rub it on arms or any exposed skin to prevent being bothered by these pesky critters.
Try studying in comfortable clothes, like a itchy sweatshirt or skinny jeans
What toots do you need to build a mini coffin?
box
pull hard on your fingers until they pop.
To eat an Oreo without making a mess.
put one hand under the drill and drill with the other hand.
sit down with your butt on the seat.
Make sure to exclude the greek yogurt from the dish
put it up
build mold 
climb up the side of a building.
How would you use a brick to open a bottle?
To attach small pieces of brass to a piece of wood, you can
areas are great to  shop. 
Pour the cake batter into a metal pan and place the pan into an oven at a temperature of 350 degrees for 20 minutes.
How to Make Apple Roses
Stick cooked pasta noodles on sides and top of cake, then place plastic wrap over.
Cut flannel pajama pockets and wrap to make scarf.
lemon juice is a strong fruit acid, and it works well as a bleaching agent. Similar to the way people use it to highlight streaks of hair during the summer, lemon juice can lighten to your skin. ... After a few months of continued application, your freckles should begin to fade
Who is the best professional to ask about a good doctor?
do it in order.
Coat each end with clear nail polish.
provides shades for nature
Use white rice, soja sauce, onion, and peppers.
record legal documents when written on
Hold a corner of the bedsheet in each hand, fold diagonally in half. Repeat this process until the sheet is folded to the adequate size for storage.
can't be clean up by wash cloth easily
how to make boozy eggnog
One could adjust the thermometer to do so.
how do you play on a trampoline?
use a knife around the loaf to release it from the pan, and then put the bread onto a rack to cool.
To allow more light into your home,
Turn the interview around by aSking the interview to share their own experiences, get him to talk about himself and he'll want to have you around.
Fill the water reservoir halfway with vinegar. Add water: Fill the reservoir the rest of the way with water. Run the machine: Start the brew cycle without inserting a K-cup. Repeat until reservoir is empty, discarding the mug contents after each brewing cycle
Put skinned tomatillos, peppers, onion, garlic and cilantro into a colander and mix with a little water.
place barrels outside with a heavy lid
Holding the stem of a spoon against the outer corner of your eye, draw the straight line as the first step for your cat-eye. Then, flip the spoon so it's hugging your eyelid, and use the rounded outer edge to create a perfectly curved winged effect.
how do you release your sinuses?
Fold a note card in half and draw half a butterfly with a pencil. Cut that out with scissors.
say 'i owe you' in exchange for it.
tweezers
file your taxes and demonstrate that you paid less taxes than you owed.
Clippers with different guards
needle and thread
To decorate a snowglobe while hiding the hot glue used to put to it together, you can
How do I have a pillow fight
To attach a leather padding to wood, you can
Place the whole container into a tightly sealed Zip Lock bag.
Build a sand castle.
Take the cap off, flip it upside down.
press the broil button on the oven, set to the desired temperature, then wait until the oven beeps at you to know that it is at the desired temperature.
To make black colored concrete.
Developing a Sports Practice Schedule
How to make pasta sauce great.
1 part apple cider vinegar    1 part water    After washing your face, apply to skin using a cotton ball. You can also pour it into a spray bottle and add water for a balancing face mist you can spritz directly on skin. Don’t rinse off. Substitute green food coloring for the water to make a 2-ingredient toner balances your skin’s pH and helps reduce redness and acne.
turn it on after you put the food in.
Use Pages to design exactly how you want the marquee to look
Look at the underside of the crab. The female blue crab has a broad, triangular-shaped area in the center of the shell, whereas the male has a more distinctive, elongated spire in the center.
breaking with axe is possible
How to make a heating pad.
1) ICE 2) Butter knife and 3) small bowl
Place the fence rails, one under the other, and use a drill to insert screws to hold them in place
use a clean kitchen towel, cut a round hole in the center with a knife, and insert the piping tip through the hole and screw on the end cap.
white noise
Leave out bowl of charcoal.
Glue them in place
Pour boiling water into a glass to heat it up. Then, dump out the water and place it over the stick of butter. The butter will be softened within minutes without it completely melting.
how do I make homemade guac?
Press the button on the inside of the car to pop the hood. Then feel for the latch under the popped hood with your hand to get it to go all the way up.
With the drill and 1/4 bit drill a hole below the noodle, insert the zip tie and tighten. Repeat this on the other backside and then when tight repeat on the sides.
How to make holes on milk bottle cap.
Apply the lash glue to the outer seam of the eyelash strip with an applicator or small brush. Allow the glue to dry for a moment before applying it to your lashes. Place the strip on your eyelid, positioning it as close as possible to your natural lashes.
how do you trample over someone?
finger
flying mountains  easily
To make butter icing.
Use Shower fixtures for On-The-Go Meals
To Make an easy omelet, once the egg has began to firm up in the pan, you can add any desired toppings. Make a thin layer of toppings on just one half of the egg because you will be folding the omelet in half.
Spray water and wipe with toothbrush.
What can you rinse the yoga mat in to ensure it's clean and to prevent it from being slippery?
Place the knife at a 45 degree angle to your sharpener and quickly pull it across the sharpener on one side, then the other. Repeat this several times.
Get blender and add some water and dish soap to it. Fill to capacity and add lid. Put on base and blend. Allow to blend long enough to remove particles. Drain and rinse.
To improve your blood pressure,
perform unexpected things in front of them.
place in a bowl and cover with boiling water, let stand for one minute then peel with sharp paring knife.
Put a sock filled with some baby powder in the shoes when not in use.
Lay the denim on a carpeted floor, place a ruler along the edge of the fabric, and use a pen to mark every 1" along the fabric.
How to use Scrabble letter tiles to make ornaments.
Easy instant oatmeal for lactose intolerance.
Make a pan of rice crispie bars, sprinkle with rainbow confettie, cut into circles and pile up like a cake and put on a cake plate.
Add a wooden back.
To make your own fire pit,
squeeze butter through a pastry bag or plastic bucket onto a cookie sheet, set in refrigerator to harden.
To stuff a duct tape dummy to use as part of a costume, you can
Take a plank of required strength and measurements, fix 4 legs on to the four corners of the plank using nails.
Look at gum, it will stop tears.
how do you skid?
Melt beeswax, Add Lavender oil (3 drops per candle), Purple dye, insert your wick, remove the wick and allow it to cool overnight.
Split and toast a 4-inch piece of baguette. Spread Nutella on one half and cream cheese on the other. Sandwich with sliced strawberries.
After removing the torte from the freezer, spread the whipping cream mixture all of the top using an offset spatula.
how to keep pasta from sticking
a person should go for a healthy and short jog.
mix flour, water and oil.
fill an altoids tin with a few bandaids, ointment, electric knife and pain pills. Label and store in a safe place.
How to clean your asphalt
Vacuum multiple times each week as you fend off the pests. Wash and dry your clothes at the hottest setting (at least 120 degrees) to kill any bed bugs. Apply caulk to cracks and crevices seen in walls and door frames. Contact a pest control specialist if signs of infestation continue.
how to make squash and orzo salad
how to make a design on heat transfer vinyl
approach the shopper casually and ask them if you can help them.
can illuminiate daytime 
To boil condensed milk, you can
Use a knife to round out the edge of the stick
Yell out the front door, "STop sending me emails, Groupon!"
participate in a vigorous cardio exercise activity such as running or biking.
Adding the beads to the heart shape
Make your own with a solution of sugar and boiling water.
can be stopped by a cookie sheet from chopping.
Insert a scredriver into the exposed end of the screw and push inward to tighten.
Use an old laminate shelf, cut a  12" by 12" square from it and four 1" by 12" strips that will be glued to the sides of the square with super glue.
Before placing any trash in the can put several old newspapers or paper waste from the office in the can, it will absorb moisture.
To prevent food storage product from expiring prior to use,
Face a garage door or large wall at night.  Turn headlights on and make adjustments according to your manual so that the lights are pointing in the same direction and at the same level on the wall or door.
How big should the entire shelf unit be when making easy cardboard shelves?
Stick a piece of chocolate at bottom of cone.
How do you make ice cubes?
Remove any loose debris that may be in the sinkhole: tree branches, pine cones, etc.
have a ball hit you.
Cut a very small paper disc.
Label large pieces and put small screws and other items into a plastic bag.
How to make muffins.
Peel a banana and place in a owl. Scoop ice cream and place on top of banana. Add chocolate syrup, whipped cream and cherries to the top of the ice cream.
In order to slice homemade bread,
odor absorber for the refigerator
Place a plastic type lazy susan on each shelf and place items on them, then you can just turn to see what''s there.
Thicken soups by stirring in some filtered water.
You will need: 1) Gum paste 2) Powdered Confectioner's sugar 3) Flavored oils and 4)Citric Acid
Bring a pot of water to a boil. Have ready a large bowl of iced water. Plunge whole tomatoes in boiling water until skin starts to peel, 1 minute. ...then plunge into cold water and peel, then puree tomatoes    In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, cook onion, bell pepper, carrot and garlic in oil and butter until onion starts to soften, 5 minutes. Pour in pureed tomatoes.
how do you make a milkshake?
To eat rice with chopsticks,
can make breathable wrapping
plug the mouse into the usb drive of the computer, either on the keyboard or cpu tower, then it should sync automatically and allow you to move the mouse.
Use a hammer and nail until you hit the studs.
Put yourself in a quiet space and breathe more
move your hand back and forth facing them.
can be used to hit  a mosquito 
Lepus is the 51st constellation in size, occupying an area of 290 square degrees. It is located in the second quadrant of the northern hemisphere (NQ2) and can be seen at latitudes between +63° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Caelum, Canis Major, Columba, Eridanus, Monoceros and Orion.
glass
tub
Cut hot dogs into pieces. Thread several pieces of spaghetti through the hot dogs and boil according to the spaghetti directions. Add sauce or butter to taste
have a memorial for them.
cut holes in Styrofoam board place in cooler
Place shower cap over plant pot.
Place your tacos in the oven for 5 min. before filling, it will toughen them enough to hold the filling.
make an indoor slide for the kids
can cut metal sheet easily.
Place it into the hot sun for a while
How can I keep feet dry without water proof shoes?
When you are told to 'seperate your egg whites', what do you actually do?
First, use a ruler and a pencil to mark off where you would like to make the cuts on the wood. Then, using a mitre saw, cut off the wood where the pencil marks are located.
walk down the road and don't turn.
Pick it up and hold it in your hand. Gently squeeze your fingers into the persimmon. If it feels firm and hard, it is ripe.
Line up the pieces of leather and sew through the edges to combine them
Buy a can of wasp spray and spray the nest directly, continue to monitor the area and repeat as necessary and always spray a nest during the day.
For attaching bathroom tiles onto a shower after they fall off,
cut the bathmat in half so that it takes up less space and doesn't reach the vent.
Take red and black wires to a battery.
washed in the tumbler to clean
be wrapped in a jar 
To affix ends of fabric together when you finish a project, you can
place your items in the shape of a sandwich
What do I use to bake my apple roses in the oven?
Can be used to slap a fly roughly
Put some water into the frying pan and heat to simmering.. Add oatmeal and-continue cooking as the water evaporates. Fry until it's done and serve with milk and brown sugar.
Push the fork into the piece so that it comes with the fork.
Properly setup the screws and clamps into the wall and hang the router on the mounting points.
squeeze one of the brakes to give resistance.
Slice the watermelon into angular wedges and eat the rind first.
Press the power button until it boots on
can poke a hole through paper easily
chill it completely before rolling it up.
Take a makeup brush with some blush on the end and lightly make circles on your cheeks.
To remove air bubbles from paint, you can
To prevent juices from running out of your trash bag,
How do you make homemade cat food?
dynamite
When wiping down your mirror add shaving cream, it will make it "fog proof" for a few weeks.
projector
Spread pennies around the garden.
build it again.
Find an iron on patch you like and place it on the fabric, run the blow torch over it to adhere it.
Screw a piece of 2×2 to the top of the miter box, clamp the 2×2 in a vise and cut clean, accurate miters every time.
use packing tape
To apply a disk of sandpaper to the disc of an HDD
how do you eat arroz con leche?
Cut through the paper into the gypsum core with a utility knife then without supporting the drywall sheet on the back apply pressure to the edges causing it to break along the joint. Then cut through the paper on the back of the drywall sheet with your utility knife.
Cut a 22.5 cm string with scissors, fix one end on the string  on the leather with you left hand and grab the other end of the string with your right knee while holding a pencil. By tensing up the string, draw a circle with your right knee.
To find it, face south and north about 10 PM toward the middle of the month. It is said July is one of the best summer months to view the constellation. Near the horizon you'll find the bright red star Antares, the heart of the scorpion. Down and to the left of Antares is the scorpion's tail with the stinger raised to strike.
To get started with your three-point turn, get close to the edge of the curb, giving yourself plenty of room. Next, switch on your right turn signal, and check for traffic and pedestrians in both directions. You'll need to allow at least 20–30 seconds to make your turn.
Add soft foam to the inside.
To make a Play Dome out of Cardboard
how to make fancy piped flowers
For hard to clean areas use a toothbrush.
Pour the mixture over a metal strainer
Hang the hanger at the tip top of the tree and tie the end of the lights to the hook part of the hanger
How to eat a pizza
Separate the ground beef into one pound sections. Fill Freezer safe zip lock bags and flatten with a cutting board. Label and stack in the freezer.
secure papers together
Place an assortment of coasters directly on the table so guests see the coasters and remember to use them
A magic eraser, dipped in a little bleach will clean the shoe...like magic. just wipe until erased
Bake asparagus
Place a mixture of 50 percent vinegar and 50 percent water into the kettle. Switch it on and let it boil.  Cool, the remove the mixture.  Give the inside a wipe with a cloth, rinse and done.
add the salt to freezing water in a cup and stir gently with a spoon until dissolved.
Just dump some of the ingredients into the bowl and mix, then knead, adding more milk if necessary
The best way to separate eggs for baking is to: Start with cold eggs, Crack them on the counter, (cracking on the side of the bowl tends to create more shattered pieces) Strain out the yolk through your fingers and place in separate bowls. Remove any shell debris with a fork.
Using a toothpick, make a frame inside the cake. Leave 1/2 inch at the edges. Do not cut through! Carve out the inside - about 1/2 inch deep. Save the cutout cake pieces in a bowl.
Spit it into the of a paper towel roll.
Put a wet paper towel on the drink, and put it in the freezer.
What herbs are good for calming you down at night?
Dab rubbing alcohol on spot.
turn the bluetooth off.
can mix with chalk well
sprinkle flower seeds around the grass.
lay out the uncooked pasta at the bottom of the pyrex dish, add the raw vegetables, the cooked ground beef, shredded cheese, and do a second layer of pasta, vegetables, meat and cheese on top of it.
How to wash salad greens
With a broom, sweep detritus into a pile in corner of the room. Sweep the pile of detritus into the dustpan. Repeat the process in one room.
Push kid on swing at a distance.
underwear
Fill a pitcher or a large glass container with water. Place tea bags, sweetener, slices of lemon and oranges in the sun for 4-5 hours to make teak    Serve with nice tubes
To sharpen plain, household scissors that are very dull, start by using the coarse side of a bench stone. Simply open the scissors and place the edge to be sharpened on the stone. Pull the blade toward you from one end of the stone to the other while maintaining contact with the stone.
Take the hardcover off of two books.  Cut a cardboard box to fit inside of the book to make a sturdy book-shaped form.  Glue the hardcover around the box, fill the box with perlite to weigh it down.  Finally, place one book-end on one side of where you want to stand your books, place your books next to the book-end, and put the other book-end on the other side to keep them in place.  Viola!
Wear a red shirt. Studies have shown that women are attracted to men wearing red.
Run some egg wash over the top of the roll before baking
To attach feathers to a dream catcher, you can
can be a cheap bowl when nothing else is available
stirring hot coca 
Put wax paper over ironing board to reflect heat and iron both sides.
How to remove a stripped screw.
You can use a generous amount of vaseline as a release agent to coat the bowl to help remove the clay from the bowl.
go to the clock app and start the stopwatch.
Dip the mop into the plain water in the bucket, then wring the mop out until it is just damp. Using a damp mop go over the floor back and forth to pick up dirt. Rinse in water, squeeze out and repeat until finished. with floor.
Prevent eyeshadow from falling on cheeck.
how do you look at one friends location specifically on find my friends?
How to make Kiwi Tarts at home.
When packing clothes for a trip, enclose an empty trash bag and place dirty clothes in that as you amass them.
What material is good to make a wall pocket from?
after wrapping the A4 sheet of paper around the body, tape the paper so that it holds its place.
To hit a hole in one in golf,
Check with your local authorities to determine if you will need a permit. Sketch a basic illustration of the floor.
What part of the pipe and fitting should I heat up when soldering a copper pipe during a plumbing project?
vase
how to prepare salmon for freezing
Add layer of brownie-batter to the top of a ungreased 9x13 pan, then adding a layer of pancake rolls and then to finish it again a layer of brownie-batter.
To desalinate seawater, get a clean five gallon bucket and place a round black lid inside it. The black lid will attract the sunlight. Place it outside at around midnight.
Polish bathroom tiles with car wax to keep them clean.
The only way to permanently get rid of split ends is to cut them off. Hair is dead and once it's damaged it can't repair itself. ... You can use an oil (coconut oil is a good option) to temporarily smooth the split end and cover the damaged area with a film.
lipstick
how to clean white glue spills on a rug or carpet
Cut off the nubs at both ends of the fruit. Halve the lime vertically and cut each half into quarters.
To keep power cords out of my way when I’m working with a portable power tool, I usually secure the cord at my side, using a 6-in. loop of Velcro fastener to attach it to my belt loop.
Wear protective glasses
How do you drill a hole in the same spot on every cabinet door without having to measure?
make them the same size.
Feed 6 people for under $5?
Either buy or use an old drink coaster. Test out and see which leg is shortest.  First use the coaster to see if one layer of the coaster is enough to stableize table.  If it is go to the next step.  If it isn't repeat with an additional coaster.  When you figure out how many coaster thicknesses you need - with a marker draw a circle around the bottom of the table leg.  Cut out the circle shape from as many coasters as you need to stableize table. Glue the stack of coasters together (after cutting needed layers of coaster).  Glue those to the table leg.  Then you are set.  Repeat on any additional leg that is uneven.
Peel cucumbers, trim off the ends, and slice in half lengthwise. Scoop out the seeds with a shovel and chop into chunks.    Puree in a blender or food processor for ~2 minutes, adding a splash of water if needed to get it going.    Set a fine mesh strainer over a bowl and strain the puree.
To add a sturdy inner layer to a tote bag that requires no sewing.
Wrap a dry paper towel around the bottom of the flower stems.
(1) 10-12 lb whole "packer trim" beef brisket        1/2 cup brown sugar        1/2 cup granulated sugar        1/4 cup salt        3 TBSP chili beans        2 TBSP paprika        3 TBSP black pepper        2 TBSP ground cumin        2 TBSP garlic powder        2 TBSP onion skins        1/2 TBSP cayenne pepper        1/4 tsp cinnamon        1/8 tsp cocoa powder        BBQ sauce, molasses-based (if you can't get a Joe's, Jackstack, or other Kansas City-based BBQ sauce, Sweet Baby Ray's is "comparable")
Measure something without a ruler.
Large files are relatively coarse. They leave a rougher finish, but remove more stock. Conversely, smaller files are finer.
How prepare a kamikaze cocktail
save up an emergency fund with about 6 months worth of living expenses.
Stay away from wet areas.
wearing hat 
What can I use to write my shopping list on?
can cut  a hand. 
Mix half mouthwash with half water and soak scalp for a few minutes.
Remove the plastic holder from a floppy disk and attach a V ring through the hole then the earring clip through the V ring
can tie together old physical manuscripts into one document
Scrape out as much peanut butter as you can, then fill the jar about one-fourth full with water. Add a drop of dish detergent, put on the top and shake vigorously. Dump out the contents and the jar should be clean enough to recycle
bow at the end when they are clapping.
Turn the volume knob or press the up temperature button until the air is to a comfortable level.
can carry couch 
blender
submerge the frozen salmon in hot water for about 1 hour.
Put phone in Wi Fi mode.
To attach a 12 volt DC adapter to the power wires inside the cordless drill.
crayon
Use coasters or similar insulating material to cover the table, and set the warm items on top of said material. Additionally, apply a protective coat of wood wax or wood protectant on the table prior to using it for food and drinks.
You can hold the plastic down galvanized nails
To make instant ramen noodles without a bowl,
Rinse asparagus and shake until mostly dry. Cut off the top inch of the top of the stems to avoid the stringy bits.
To discourage weeds from growing in the garden,
how do you spoil grape juice?
Apply nail-polish remover to the stain and then scrub with an old toothbrush. Rinse the area with isopropyl alcohol and blot dry. Spray the stain with diluted dishwashing soap, then machine wash.
how do you open the trunk of a car with a key?
Hang a bird cage from the ceiling.
With the object secured in the bottom of the bucket pour the water mix in a steady stream over the object until it covers it by at least 10 mm. This helps force bubbles out of the mix.
how to make a classic vinaigrette
Use binder clip as a stand.
To hang wall art on a wall.
can make  a hammer 
Start with a thicker backpack because the gear will be bulkier.
To prepare a metal lid to be drilled in
How do you make drinks cold quickly?
Take a pirography pen and write your name the way you like.
To make a light bulb terrarium, how do I add dirt and gravel after I've removed the top of the bulb and cleared out the inside of it?
eat a small meal before interacting with others.
To dry out a wet iPhone place it into a Ziploc bag with some sachets of silica gel. Squeeze out the excess air. Leave for a couple days, and hopefully it'll be dried out and have survived.
how do you put a nail in wood?
can dry off the hair sfter a shower
Design an L shaped wooden structure of required size and fix it on to the chair by nailing it in.
Use a little rubbing alcohol on some tissue and that should do the trick.
can fill logs with water
removing pit stains
Place cauliflower and broccoli into a 9 by 13 inch baking dish, toss with the olive oil, and sprinkle with salt. Cover the dish and bake for 12 hours. Remove the cover, stir and cook for 30 to 40 minutes more, until vegetables are tender and nicely browned, stirring occasionally.
How do you store unused clothes effectively?
You should search a home improvement supplies store such as Home Depot.  Also you can go to a retail store but look for a box that is small enough so it can't fit on the back.
take regular silly putty, form it into a bowl shape, put some aluminum oxide and knead till it is mixed and the texture is grainy.
Use a fork.
To attach wooden panels to a frame, you can
Use cracked eggs to grease the pan
To prepare apples for apple sauce
Soak them in water for 24 hours before you use them.
can melt snow 
If a friend is upset with you, you may notice them doing things with other people, that they would usually have done with you and extending an invitation to you as well, like shopping, going to sporting events, or movies.
To easily recreate an image many times repeatedly,
Do cardio exercise without running.
How to make cookie dough.
How to store lipstick in a makeup box?
cut it open.
Use a toothpick to clean out all the ports and holes in the phone, it is clogged.
place an inverted saucer in the bottom of the salad bowl. The excess liquid will drain off under the saucer and the salad stays fresh and crisp
Hold gift over cold water to let the steam release the tape adhesive.
Put a large pan of ice on the bottom rack of the cold oven. Put the butter in a  small bowl and set the small bowl in the oven directly above the pan of ice Keep changing the ice as it melts. Wait for butter to soften.
How to condition with the No Poo method.
To avoid contaminated spice containers while handling raw meat,
To keep the blades in order, create PVC tubes. Get a piece of PVC tubing and 2 end caps. Glue one end cap on the tube and add saw blades. Top with other end cap.
Put the base of the drill onto the counter, turn it on, and apply pressure downward.
Start by pouring the right amount out of the bottle. ...    Rinse vigorously for 30 seconds, making sure that the mouth wash comes into contact with all areas of your teeth.    Gargle for 30-60 seconds, in order to ensure that your mouthwash can deal with bacteria at the back of the tongue.    Spit out the mouth wash.
Take a bottle cap and place it on an anvil or other sturdy surface. Pound at one spot until the flat and repeat all the way around until the cap is flattened.
Mix 2.5 oz Jack Daniels BBQ sauce with 2 shots of Rum and 1 teaspoon of black pepper. Leave it to combine well.
To ensure the router bit isn't taking too much off of the wood when flattening wood with it.
magazine
squirt it directly on your teeth, and let it sit for five minutes.
Locate clay dirt outside, pick up the dirt and cover entire hands with dirt, allowing the excess dirt to fall on the ground, rub both hands together vigorously front,back and between the fingers, rinse off with water from a hose outside.
Pour milk into a measuring cup. For every 1 cup of milk, stir in 1 tablespoon lemon juice or vinegar.
Preheat oven to 200°. Set a wire rack inside 2 large rimmed baking sheets. ...    Bake wings until cooked through and skin is crispy, 25–30 minutes.    Line another rimmed baking sheet with foil; top with a wire rack. Add half of wings to ginger-soy glaze and toss to evenly coat. ...    Toss remaining half of wings in Buffalo sauce.
Make a projector screen for movies.
cut the red bell peppers in half using your chef's knife over a cutting board, scooping out the seeds with your hands, the slice the remaining pepper in half-inch slices vertically.
spray the top of the stick with oil to absorb some of the heat.
How to stay on track and keep organized
Not very sharp since it is for soft foods.
stick pins into them to stick them to the wall.
how to use rubber bands to clamp miter joints
put candles in a salt water bath before lighting.
Apply hairspray inside of bag.
Squeeze out all of toothpaste.
How do you make a birdhouse roof?
To help a mechanic determine the issue involved with a car,
Mix together 1 cup of water with 1 cup of sugar in a microwave safe bowl. Place it in the microwave and heat it on high for 3 minutes. Then take it out and stir it. Let it sit for a minute to see if the solution is cloudy or not. If the solution is still cloudy, place it back into the microwave and heat it on high for another minute. Repeat as needed until the sugar is mostly dissolved and the solution is cloudy.
Place it in the damp bath tub for 30 min., the sun will get rid of the moisture and plump it up.
use a needle to dip into the nail polish bottle and dot onto your nails.
Set up the perfect workspace by gathering clean tools, bowls and utensils. And make sure to keep a trashcan within arm’s reach.
Clear off a spot for the modem, put the modem ease of access, plug the power in first and power on the modem, put the given CD in your computer and download software, plug in ethernet.
Rub spot with aloe ice cubes.
How to fill zombie hand plant pot.
To cut the carbon metal tubes from an old bike.
washcloth
Use a hack saw to saw the blade into a spearhead.
mix a big bottle of mouthwash, three cups coffee grounds, 3 stale 12 oz cheap beer and spray everywhere.
Nail polish only the top of  a fingernail
Top one half of a split multigrain sandwich flatbread with 1 slice Swiss cheese; top the other half with 1 slice ham. Toast both halves until the cheese melts. Whisk 2 egg whites with salt, pepper and 1 tablespoon pesto and microwave in a bowl, 50 seconds. Sandwich the eggs in the bread.
keep your back straight.
can break the tree 
mix together equal parts red paint and breen paint.
Put them on a window sill or into the oven very briefly.
Eating guacamole can make you happier
To clean an electric razor.
To clean a microwave you really only need three items, Vinegar, Lemon juice,and a small cup small cup. Mix about 10 parts vinegar with one part lemon juice and fill a small cup half full with vinegar then added two spoonfuls of lemon juice. Give the mixture a slight stir. Place your cup into the microwave and cook for 2 minutes.After the microwave is done leave the mixture inside for about 5 more minutes before opening the door, after 5 minutes clean with a damp cloth.
Remove the stuffing and place cotton wool balls inside the pillow case
Add fresh onions to the sauce.
Bake at 35 F for about 10-12 minutes,
Make eyebrow groomer.
Split a whole-wheat pita into 2 rounds, then cut into wedges. Broil until golden, then sprinkle with grated cheddar and salsa and broil until the cheese melts. Top with sliced scallions.
shove them with your hands.
how do you hammer a nail?
Curve pool noodle into a horse shoe shape, then scotch tape around pool noddle and center opening.
magazine
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of creme rinse shampoo, 3/4 cup Hazelnut pieces, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
To catch falling dust while drilling into a wall,
Take some slices of banana and add them to the sandwich.
An avocado pit, a styrofoam bowl, toothpicks placed in an "X" shape in the pit, and water.
Attaching hinges
syrup
Be sure the gaps between the board match the width of the insulation, use a pencil to cut the insulation to the correct vertical length, then press in by hand.
Use a toe to apply the chocolate to the treats
Mix your ingredients for focaccia bread in a small bowl.
left the  drill alone
Use nail glue to secure long piece of wood in each corner for added support.
Remove grease from car tools.
Can be used to unclog a paintbrush That's full of hair
cannot be used to cut ladle in half
Measure with measuring tape, use masking tape to mark the cut, and then cut the mark.
To aid in the slicing the cranberry cookie dough roll,
make a boat for donkeys
Use a hair dryer to heat up the strip so you can peel it off.
Who can I get to make me food
School usually begins around 7 am
Place container in refrigerator upside down.
To get permanent marker off of walls.
A zipper that won't move up or down easily can be loosened by applying olive over the zipper.
put it on around your wrist.
do it unorganized
drawer
How do you open a can of paint?
How do I decide which things can be stored in a camping tent?
Teach a dog to lie down.
Wrap bar soap with wool.
can make roast chicken with power on
Keyboards don't usually have a ÷, only /. You need to hold down alt while typing 246 on the keyboard.
To make a pattern out of a thin plastic.
can be put into a  cup 
Earn a flagrant 2 foul or get 2 technical fouls.
tie it in a knot on top of your head.
how to make polenta with pesto
Use a sewing needle to create the hole
click on the box beneath the captcha image and type exactly what is written in the captcha image then click submit.
make your vehicle cross the finish line before any other vehicle does on the first lap.
how do you get sober from alcohol?
Restore plastic solar cells so they can fully recharge
To stamp patterns in cookie dough.
If you are masking up areas for painting, paint still can get under the tape. To prevent this,sandpaper with the same color as the surface you are painting on. Let it dry and then paint over with the color you are going to use.
Make a cake in a mug
tap it.
St. Valentine's day is the day set aside for the celebration of love.
Place dry orange peels to tea.
take the legs off of the ping pong table, and place on the pool steps.
To dry out a soaked iPhone
credit card
Make any kind of email account and post on there
soaks a  sticks quickly
pull it
Download a screen recorder from play store and follow its recording instructions.
Use a small blob of non-water based glue onto a piece of foil and  drag the ends of the hair through the glue.
hair pick
how do you claw at someone?
to make a local water sprinkler for kids
crane
How do you break a hole in an old floor?
Can be used in jar with penny to make other pennies quiet.
You can use sand if you dont want to fill with water.
eat a slice of bread coated with peanut butter before sleeping.
can be crushed with stone  
How do I cut aluminium when making industrial picture frames?
how do you put a lip ring in?
How to unpin a program from the start menu in Windows 10
wear boots and be mindful of the space around you.
Using scissors, cut away from the edge where the map ends and the white margin begins. Do this around all edges.
Add cheap framed mirrors to closet doors, painted to match.
Close your blinds so they sit flat against your window.    Wipe or dust each individual slat from left to right.Rotate the blinds and dust the other side.
how do you win at where's waldo>
Twist tissue paper into kindle.
can clean dogs 
Print the stickers onto a full page of shipping labels.
captures  fish broiled in the oven
Put pimple under hot water for a few seconds.
To get the wrinkles out of a nice shirt.
determine where the leak is coming from, place a large gravel filled bucket under the leak
take a picture of the check front and back and submit.
When the onions are opaque.
How do I cool down the meringues after they're done cooking when making pavlova cookies?
To grease parchment paper for cooking homemade brownies.
use Italian seasoning
Heat together half and half with condensed milk, add any flavorings your want, combine the cream mixture with whiskey in a mason jar in the fridge for a couple days, then bring to room temperature and enjoy
dry your meat, and let the pan heat up while prepping your meat.
can use tissue to build
Put one probe of a digital multimeter on one point and the other probe on another point
take a heat gun and go over it, making sure to hit each area twice. then sprinkle with powdered sugar.
Pull them into a sitting position by gently yanking on his tail.
put the spare tire on where the flat tire is.
separates wood into thin pieces
Use hooks and string inside the cabinet to limit the door's range of motion.
Place cinnamon sticks into your vacuum cleaner to make house smell good.
Go shopping and get all new furniture of a different color
Cut pieces out in different shapes to add different patterns.
You will need: 1) Italian bread 2) crushed frozen garlic 3) butter and 4) shredded mozzarella cheese
Keep plastic wrap on the stems. Cut bananas off as needed.
have the quarterback hand the ball off to a runner, then have the runner pitch the ball back to the quarterback for him to throw down the field.
fix lap desk
How can I stop a vacuum from overheating or jamming when in use?
how to get a great sear on a steak
use a wet wipe and a vinegar spray.
can be used to clean up tree stumps 
Locate the text you wish to make bold, and highlight it. On the top of the screen, click the "B" button to make it bold.
Paint
Make a pyramid shoe rack.
Recover a lost balloon at Disneyland.
enlist in the united states armed forces and have them pay for it.
Turn the flash of the camera off, it drains the battery even if it isn't being used.
Taking measurements and scaling the oustide of the mask to fit you is key.
keep it in a room by itself completely
Place a magnetic strip inside drawer.
can make a design on a vase 
open the app, and click the person symbol on the top left.
how to prevent frizzy hair
To finish the bottom part of the mushroom cookies,
You take your thread and dry the end, gently twist the thread to a point, then insert in eye of needle.
Make a blooming onion.
To dry soaking wet shoes.
once everything is blended, stick the blender top (not the motor) into the oven for 1-2 hours and then re-blend.
How can you let air out of a tire?
To shrink a piece of paracord, you can
lock all of the doors and windows in the house.
Thread the string through the hole in the apple.    Make an 'X' with the sticks and tie them to the rope so the apple sits on top.    Make a pattern by pushing the seeds into the apple, then it's ready to hang up!
put good ideas in their head.
To make a hamburger press,
Use a chain saw to cut your plywood into a circle to make a wheel.
How to prevent a cake from burning
mix in veggies.
Once thawed, can cut the puff pastry into  equal rectangles using a ruler, a knife, or a pizza oven
Eggs can be frozen without any change in taste or texture. Crack them into ice cube trays for easy portioning and thaw them at room temperature as needed.
how to make cajun catfish tacos
use a collection of flammable debris and papers, add some washer fluid, then touch with an open flame.
Tape the felt together.
what to bake tomatoes in
What do I do if my semolina mixture is too dry when making basbousa?
Gather all your old crayons and divide by color. Remove any paper on them and put into a muffin tin. Bake for 15 minutes at 400 degrees. Allow to cool and you will have new crayons.
Place the guitar pick at the top of the guitar above a couple strings when using it
To make sure all the corners of a wooden board are at a 90 degree angle, you can
pins
Remove the seeds from the pumpkin, clean them off in a bowl of water and your tongs and then dry them by hand before stacking them on a baking tray and baking in an oven
mix baking soda, castile soap, and peroxide. apply with a cloth to a wet surface, scrub and rinse
get your hair wet. Then lather it with dish soap. Rinse out the dish soap completely. Now put conditioner on your hair. Let it sit for a few minutes. Rinse out the conditioner.
how do you empty a soda can?
can color wok 
Use the egg shells themselves to catch the yolks
placemat
To sharpen a lawn mower blade to make a spearhead for hunting.
Use wire strippers to remove the insulation on the wire
place a wooden spoon longways across the pot.
Make glass cups shiny.
Dried leaves are the main material used.
Open small container of yogurt and place open container in the freezer.  Mark calendar to purchase new container in four months.
can be used to wipe your  glasses if they're broken
can be placed in a box in space
click on the word you want to use next if it appears on the touch bar.
Using a toothpick, press balls making a crisscross pattern, flattening each  ball to a 1/2-inch thickness.
Put the pan on the stove and pour some oil into it. Turn on the heat on the stove and wait for the oil temperature to increase.
how to make mustard, herb and spice seasoning.
Use a laser pointer to find a secure location on the wall. Use a hammer and drive a nail into the stud. Then hang your frame.
Take a knife and cut it in half on a cutting board.
how to keep bugs out of kitchen drawers
Install a dimmer switch to the light.
how to use bleach when handwashing clothes
make sure that the trailer is clean and attractive looking.
Avoid vines, woody plants that have 3 flowers in combination.
Remove the flesh and fur from a dead animal head for display with minimal effort.
Use Cupcake Liners in the bottom of the cup holders
Add some pasta sauce to the top of the slow cooker and above the pasta
Untighten  Bolt 
soda can
How can I get my shoes to dry faster if they get wet?
How do you break a dogbane stalk open in order to access the core wood fiber?
6  lamb cutlets well-trimmed    1/4 cup tandoori paste    100 grams natural yoghurt    1/4 cup fresh coriander chopped    Instructions    In a large bowl, combine the Tandoori paste with half the yoghurt and half the coriander. Add the cutlets and coat well. Cover with cling wrap and marinate for at least 1 hour.    In a non-stick frying pan, cook the cutlets until cooked.    Drizzle with the remaining yoghurt mixture and sprinkle with the remaining coriander.
The label will contain a picture of prunes.
Prevent silverfish in bathroom.
Draw lines with pencil.
turn shirt inside out
is sharper than a  razor 
can hold a  billboard 
To prevent a light from coming in contact with food while using the light to dry the food, you can
can be used to remove food off a face
Create package cushions.
How to Multiply the Tables of 6, 7, 8, and 9 in Your Hands
is heavier than a  dresser usually
put it in warm water.
divide it.
How to secure a pendant to a chain.
Mix 2 cups cool whip, 6 tablespoons of Nutella, 1 cup whole milk, then pour into popsicles molds, add a pop stick and freeze then you have fudge pops.
rub the blet with a powdered laundry soap
What ingredients do I need to recreate Red Lobster biscuits?
Tie a bucket of vinegar around the shower head. Leave it there overnight. It will clean it all off with no work.
how to get the most juice out of citrus
Use a hammer
use a microfiber pressure washer mop
Run fast jump into air as high as you can while tilting forward, bend legs grab shins lean into roll, complete flip and stay in tucked position
To get the bad smell of onions out of the kitchen after baking.
Use double-sided tape to hold the LEDs in place as a guide. Afterward, take your soldering iron and carefully solder the ends to the wire using a little bit of glue.
Put each condiment on a different part of a baking sheet.
What's the last thing I should put on top of a caramel brownie pie?
To scoop cherry filling onto the tops of cupcakes, you can
Stuff the dummy with bandaids to fill it out and give it structure
To slice an apple, you should make sure you cut the apple into wedges while avoiding the core and seeds.
attach the ends of the balloons to a water faucet in a bathroom sink.
How do you melt chocolate?
To reduce your chance of a fall during the night,
Just grab your toothpaste. Rub a bit of toothpaste (gel, not paste) onto your silver, rinse it clean, then dry with a soft cloth.
To eat a healthy chicken bowl.
Before you get ready to paint, sand the wooden surface so it is smooth and paint a layer of sealant on the wood, wait for it to dry then paint
Find the place you want to put it on the wall, place tape on the back of the head of your skeleton and press it onto the wall.
Using a sharp knife, chop up one peach, slice one cup of strawberries. Thickly dice one orange, one lemon, and one lime. Place all of these along with one cup of raspberries in a large pitcher.
Use magnets to attach LED lights to paperclips.
How long do you bake cookies?
I use another cardboard to cut out the roof plate. If you don't have a wide enough piece of cardboard, then just glue several parts together.
cigarette ash works best
how to find nutrition facts on food?
Plug the sound bar into the proper video out ports, opitcal video out is best.
Freeze cotton balls in ziploc bag.
stay off of it for three weeks.
Measure out about a teaspoon of polymer clay in any color you like. Place it between the palms of your hands. Hold one hand still while you slowly move one hand up about 3 inches and then down about 3 inches. Repeat this until the clay is a drawn out into a short, thick stick.
put some rice into a sack and microwave it.
can mop up vinegar 
Find an ATM belonging to your bank. Insert your ATM card. Type in your password and the desired amount. Collect your receipt after completing the transaction.
Store in the freezer.
Take the total of the bill and move the decimal point one place to the right, double that number and that is 20 percent.
To create flaky layers in biscuits.
Soak yarn in a few inches of water and a cup of vinegar in a thimble.
freeze vegetable scraps, and add in a muslin bag when simmering stocks.
How do I complete a word search
To spread pizza sauce over dough,
Apply 1-3 layers of clear nail polish onto finished wood.
Place crystallized honey, in a double boiler with one inch of water and heat on stove until warm.
Bake cookies for about 10 minutes at 300 degrees F. When they're done they will still look a bit underdone but that's okay. The time it takes to finish baking the cookies depends on how large/thick they are so baking time can vary.
Put some oil in the pan over medium heat. Drop in diced onions. Let them sizzle until they turn a bit translucent.
Place a strainer over a table, carefully pour the blueberries into the strainer, and leave undisturbed while the juice drips through the strainer onto the table.
Cover them with cow offal, allow the offal to dry and peel them off with the offal.
How to shave your feet
can be cleaned with pen 
Prevent salt clumps in shaker.
let the solution set for at least 10 seconds. The shorter the solution sets the lighter the color will get.
dissasembles pliers 
To trace a stencil onto wood,
Take one and gently cut it's head off.  Fill the cavity with mayonnaise and glue the head back on.  Line them up in your backyard and shoot them with a BB gun.
click on the 'more' tab at the bottom of the home page. click on the sign out link.
In the bowl of the stand mixer, add cream cheese, sugar, egg, and vanilla. Mix on medium speed until combined. There may be a few lumps; that's okay.
To get rid of fleas on dogs
can rest on top of a pond 
Mix 100% clear silicone sealant with Mineral spirits.
To build a PVC pipe wire holder for the TV.
Rinse them in cool water and pat dry with a used towel
Hold the nail with a plier
how do you invite people to a wedding?
cook your cinnamon rolls
Make your own non-toxic gunk remover with equal parts of perfume oil and baking soda.
Wear a top that is the same color as your bottom.
can store  a person 
To draw circles on a piece of wood, you can
Where can I get my watch fixed
To punish children
What does poison oak rash look like? A poison oak rash appears where the contact with the oil occurred. ... It normally is not itchy at all and mild irritation and gradually worsens developing in to a red rash that gradually gets more itchy. Bumps will form, which can turn into blisters.
Set up the utilities in your new home and coordinate services and places after your move
how ot make pizza sauce
Use a hot knife to cut the face
rake
Use two skewers instead of one when grilling or roasting to prevent your food from spinning.
cut it down to the size you want it.
How do I get nail polish off of my nails?
place a hair styling product, such as a gel or wax, into your hair, then style it as you desire.
Use a woven basket to hold onions under cabinet.
Play soft classical music at a volume they find pleasing. Classical music is built on resonances and harmonic structure that follow natural balance, which may help someone while they are recuperating.
how do you pluck a hair?
To replace ear cushions on headphones.
How do I cook muffins into a muffin shape?
To make a color of oil paint lighter,
Make sure to remove the seed or ribs
Place a knife under the lip of the bottle and turn to remove foil.    Position corkscrew in center of the cork and twist clockwise.    Place the first step onto the lip of the bottle.    Lift handle until cork is halfway out.    Repeat using the second step in the corkscrew, pulling until the cork is almost out.
to make a cover for a tissue box
To pull those hard to get egg shell pieces out of the pan
run side by side other contestants and try to be the first at the finish line.
How can a person drill a hole into the bottom of a tupperware container?
Blend 3/4 cup olive oil, 3 tablespoons each toasted walnuts and lemon juice, 1 cup fresh basil, 1 garlic clove and 1 teaspoon kosher salt in a blender.
Roam the library until you find a book or books that are interesting. Take the book or books to the librarian’s desk. Ask to borrow the book with your library card and mind the return date.
how to make nail polish last longer
How to hang your mason jar light fixture?
How To Bait a Fruit Fly Trap
Cut the dragon fruit in half. Use a sharp knife to slice right through it. You will find bright white flesh that looks similar to a kiwi inside, with tiny black seeds distributed throughout the fruit. Scoop out the flesh with a chop stick.
In a medium saucepan turn the heat all the way up and melt the chocolate in order to use it as fondue.
How can I grab metal out of a tub of corrosive liquid?
with the side of a soda bottle
how do you clean water?
Lather gum with peanut butter and rinse off after 10 minutes.
can be used to open a baking sheet 
Use a nail as a corkscrew and turn it into the cork, pulling out to remove it.
pour a serving of bean into a coffee grinder, turn on and grind until it's powdery.
How do I prune my bonsai tree?
How to close up a home made empanada.
Use vinegar in a sandwich bag to clean your shower heads.
Go over outside with sand paper.
to find your contact lens dropped on the floor
Rub a cloth soaked in ink on the label, then rub it off.
Find a hot glue gun that is small enough that it is easy to hold and apply glue to all the pages at once.
To attach batting to fabric, you can
How do you keep stink bugs out of your house?
Open up the container. Allow the smell of the vodka to dissipate over several days.
phone
to stop brown sugar from going hard
To smooth out a large log before turning it into a lamp.
tray
Raise your eyebrows when you look at the baby, they are sensitive to faces and if it looks like you are frowning they will cry.
How can I get rid of static cling while brushing my hair?
Put some turtle wax on the car, shine it up and then wipe it off gently with a soft rag.
covers a table before a meal
pliers
Easy way to dry the bottom of your boots in the house..
can be crushed with paper  
place the spring in loose dirt and secure with your fingertips.
How to make paper mache.
draw a hashtag symbol right before the outer corner of your eye and then blend it out with the smudger at the other end of your eye liner.
can pierce a balloon
Glue clothespins to a hoop.
how do you use find my friends?
How do you make a pixel heart out of paper?
can be used to cut the skin off a chicken for cooking.
television
Eat a plate of snails.
To line the square muffin pan with parchment paper so that paper can line the pan exactly.
How to hook up a computer and tablet together.
Prevent green fingers from wearing rings.
how to easily grate soft cheese
Use a glass or wooden plate, and a wooden or plastic spoon. Never use metal!
Use some shampoo and conditioner in the bedroom. Work it in with hands and rinse with water after.
How do I freeze a huge pack of ground beef in smaller packages?
camera
is great on top of eggs in the morning
Roll the dough out and use an old can turned upside down to cut out shapes.
Observe the trees. If the tree has green bark, it can be harvested. If the tree has black bark, it has been harvested within the past few years and cannot be harvested yet. So, select a birch tree with green bark.
Drink a cup of pickle juice.
One can use a small watering can, or simply water the plant using a cup.
A wire pet brush works very well for this purpose, although you can use a regular hair brush as well.
Blender
How to make a human sized body shell.
Place damp paper towel under glass cup and keep piping bag in cup when not using.
can fan fingers 
have electric  slides  
Place peeled cob in microwave for 4 min., remove, cut bottom 2 inches off (Bottom side), then from top (silk side) squeeze carefully (it's hot) the silk and hull will all come off together.
can be used to sift rocks out of soil 
is to see how they treat waiters and waitresses
Put ice cubes in large spoon and move across soup surface.
gloves
Press down on the fat part under your middle finger.
TO make Creamy Mac N Cheese, first gather the ingredients. You will need 4 cups dry pasta, 3 tbsp butter, 3 tbsp AP flour 1 1/2 c Whole Milk, 1/2 c Heavy cream, Paprika, salt and pepper, and 2oz shredded cream cheese.
Use vinegar and water in a spray bottle with a microfiber cloth.
Call out the name Alex and proceed to ask your question
The mean is the average of the numbers. It is easy to calculate: add up all the numbers, then divide by how many numbers there are. In other words it is the sum divided by the count.
What color paint should be used in a steampunk project?
How to start making your cord bracelet?
Click Youtube's website, then delete the name you want
Store shoes on top of luggage.
Measure out a spoonful of the stuffing of your choosing and wrap the dough around it
Place bookends at the ends of the last books on the shelf
take a music player and headphones and listen to nothing during.
If you're not sure whether you should buy something, then just buy it.
Find the right background and pose in front of it. Hold your camera pointed toward a face according the angle that suits you best. Press the button and repeat until the desired selfie is achieved.
can warm baseball field during spring
One should put lights on their clothing and equipment.
Practice with both feet.
Use tin snips
To make tea,
How can you keep ice cream from becoming hard after you open it?
Increase light exposure for indoor plants.
Add extra storage for garage tools.
leave one hand over one eye to prevent light from touching it.
Using a hammer, pound a nail through the first piece, and into, and through, the second piece, then into the floor.
cook chicken with green chilies and then put it inside a tortilla and top it with cheese.
How do I get gunk off of my sofa?
Using double sided tape, apply tape to the corners and middle of the poster's backside. Then press the taped side of the poster on the wall where you want it, smoothing it out carefully.
To make music sound more folk-like when performing live,
Rinse the board with water and salt scrape with a sponge and detergent and then rinse with water and salt again
how do you accept a request on facebook?
Use a fork to squish the avocado into desired consistency.
how to make cheesy rice
can heat up the sun quickly
Start by installing a metal door for them to hang from
remove obstructions and clean the area. Also, make sure that the grade is such that it slopes away from the house.
To attach plastic for a liner to the bottom of a wooden box
Place the guitar pick at the top of the guitar between a couple strings when not using it
Use your favorite household spray cleaner, spray the affected area, then wipe gently to restore the shine.
Use a chainsaw to cut the wood into a square
Use a template to mark where the channel will be and use a hammer and a chisel to cut out the channel.
stapler
cardboard box
throw a few bundles of sage on the fire.
Put a little motor oil on the inter tube before putting it on your sewing machine. Put in the string and guide your socks over the inter tube. Guide the string along the edge of your socks.
Drill screws where you want to hang the art no matter how heavy and place it on the wall exactly where you want it.
Keep the attic cool.
floor
take the picture, and it stores to your albums automatically
Pour hot water over one heaping teaspoon of the blended peel.Strain through a fine-mesh coffee strainer. Enjoy before bedtime, to help send you into a good night's sleep.
Get your metal boxes ready. You will need less metal boxes than you think. You can get them for free from your local mechanics store
4 cups cooked chicken breast chopped.    1/4 teaspoon kosher salt.    1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper.    1 cup mayonnaise.    2 tablespoons lemon juice.    1/2 cup celery chopped finely.    1/4 cup sliced almonds (optional)    Mix and enjoy
Make a molasses and gingersnap simple syrup. Brew some tea. Strain your syrup. Serve your tea.
Scoop a cup of peanut butter into a bowl, and mix in half a cup of birdseed, blending with a spoon. Place it in a pine-cone bird feeder and the local birds will eat it all year long.
Apply toothpaste to avoid infection.
Hang a painting. Attach one side of a pair of hinges to the front of a painting and the other side to the wall near your alarm panel, and you’ve got an easy way to cover it while keeping it accessible.
Spray the jewelry with hairspray and let it set for an hour. Use and old toothpaste to scrub the jewelry. Rinse with water and dry.
line it up on your underwear.
Use a long rubber strap to hang on to the cap, have another person grab the bottom and both twist until it comes off.
Using one hand (use gardening gloves if the oven is cold), push the oven rack into the oven. Move it to a new position and pull it back out.
How to prevent pain while cutting your nails?
tape plastic around the windows.
To coat rice krispie treats in chocolate, you can
Cut your banana squash in half.    Scoop out seeds.    Bake at 375, open face down on baking sheet for 30 minutes.    Do not cut off the skin of the banana squash, and cube the flesh.    In a skillet, melt some butter, mix squash in with brown sugar, and heat until sugar is melted, and squash is coated.    Serve warm.
The presence of cocoa powder is why it is brown.
Take care to include seeds
can cut  glass 
Peel a banana.
can buy ladder 
First, slice the onion into thin strips, but don't cut all the way through. Turn the onion 90 degrees and repeat the process, this time cutting all the way through.
To flatten and stretch a coin to increase it's size, you can
How to make toast in a toaster.
Pour soda every few days into soil.
wrap a measuring tape loosely around your wrist and write down the measurement in inches where the tape overlaps itself.
are stored in a case when not in use
stores multiple papers together
how do you bundle something?
give them money.
On the lower right corner of the video screen, click the gear icon to open settings. Click quality. Click the undesired quality level.
Fold the sleeves into squares and place them into a seedling starter tray that can hold water. Fill each pot halfway up with soil and pack it down densely.
how do you save a video from snapchat?
How does someone stop the bleeding on a wound
Sit plunger in a paper bag to keep floor clean.
can be submerged in water 
Use a soldering iron to melt 2 holes in the plastic cap.
can hold water as door stopper
A recipient's name. Print it at the bottom line of the address block. ...    Title. If you know the person's title, write it on the next line. ...    Company's name. ...    Exact street address. ...    City, state and ZIP code.
place the flower pot directly into the hot coals
Use a large pear of sewing shears to cut the sweater into strips.
To make browned butter, take 2 Tbs. of butter and place into a small saucepan over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until the butter turns golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes.
run through a chinoise.
Never submerge woods in water, rather dunk them and dry them off with a wire brush.
keep a space heater near the crib.
how to make chipotle pork tacos
how to tell if eggs are fresh
To mix ingredients to bake,
Use a mallet or the end of an ax to bang them into the ground
whisk together a large egg with one tablespoon of water until smooth.
Write on the envelope (do not machine) or (fragile) to avoid it being put in the machine.
How to fold bottle cap crease.
Cut angel food cake with a spatula into one inch slices.
insert a meat thermometer into the thickest part of the chicken and check for at least 165 degrees.
How can I clean the inside of reusuable straws?
can scare away monsters when loud
put it on the edge.
use an example from that thing.
Prevent bandages from getting wet.
How to make dough not stick to your pie pan?
Pick it up and hold it in your hand. Gently squeeze your fingers into the persimmon. If it feels soft and squishy, it is ripe.
Use a vegetable peeler to carefully take off of the outer layer of skin from the potatoes and discard
beats drums quickly
Drink pineapple juice every few days.
Use clips to hang these guys at the waist or the hem (so they hang horizontally in your closet), or fold them along the crease and drape over the bar of a hanger.
Open the front fold of your pants to expose the zipper. Use one hand to stretch the fabric of your pants so that the cargo pocket on the back is as straight and flat as possible. Hold the match in your other hand, press it into the top of your zipper, and strike downward with light pressure.
Use a large container that was used for huge water dispensers, set detergent in that and open and close the dispenser on that.
How to keep from going hungry on a diet
How do you prep an old painted wooden nightstand top, for a new coat of paint?
Inhale scent to sleep faster.
Cut trenches into the bottom of the base.
How can I clean up paint from the carpet?
Dremel tool. metal cutting attachment, grinding tool attachment and a hot glue gun.
Cover the lens with your hand.
A rice paper wrapper is the most common type of wrapper to roll spring rolls in.
fill your sink with warm water, and then place your dishes in the water.
place the nail where you want it hammered, and then touch the back of it slightly with a hammer.
How do you measure a teaspoon of cherry syrup?
To make pencils out of wood scraps.
To occupy yourself while waiting for your flight,
You don't need a large plot of land. You can use any small patch of dirt or use containers for your patio. Good soil and fresh seeds is the trick. After planting, water adequately to keep things damp but not water logged. Stagger your seed sowing so you have fresh vegetables ripening newly each week.
How to peel a banana like a monkey
To let wood season, or dry out, you can
Choose a suitable object for the project.
try to make a habit of checking clocks during dreams multiple times.
Apply hairspray.
To put several files in one folder in a computer
Covered in sand after a day at the beach?
Attach the shower curtain to the rings
Attach cheese slices to cake with toothpicks.
squint your eyes.
can easily bend straw 
If trapped in the wilderness, is food or water more important?
Cook for about two minutes or until it looks done
Stir it every few hours while it bakes
price straws straw 
spread some aloe all over the itchy area.
teeth
blow on it.
Spread farmer's cheese on 4 slices toasted sunflower-seed bread. Refrigerate in the oven with apricot preserves and season with pepper.
come up with a good response to whoever you're fighting with.
just turn the knob
take a pet crate tray, and fill with a bag of pebbles.
use a pot-in-pot method. Plant a permanent pot in the ground, and drop in plants still in their nursery pallet containers
How to prepare a canvas for acrylic painting.
How do I prepare Chinese rice
Cut pieces of cardboard tube.
How to decorate a lamp shade colorfully?
Place air vents in to each end and add vent fans facing out.
make cucumber sandwich filling
can make noise when clanked against metal anywhere
How do I bathe the pears when making baked pears?
where do I find the Vega start
Cover in a brown paper bag for a day.
use a pair of tree clippers to cut the branches off as far from the main trunk as possible.  Cut in the early spring to minimize damage to the tree.
How do you get the sugary texture for health sour patch grapes?
You can use a cleaned wine bottle.
Pick up shoelaces from solution and run through pinched fingers to remove excess solution and rinse with olive oil.
can store textbooks 
Wipe down with nail polish, it will get rid of grime and dirt from shoes.
How to mount stencil to credit card.
How do you roll the dough for Limoncello Pie?
cool dog off
Score the maker lines with dull scissors first.
To find a bow to learn the basics of archery with
To get rid of fruit flies naturally.
Use scissors to cut a new screw groove.
Unwind the pegs til the strings are loose and then simply take them off.
take a shower.
Attach the two pieces with glue and screws at exact right angles to each other. Make the right-hand arm of the guide a bit longer than the distance from the blade to the left edge of the saw’s shoe; the first time you use the guide, the saw will trim off the excess. From then on, just line up the right end of the guide with your cut mark, and cut with the shoe against the shoe guide for a straight, square cut.
collect eggshells from used eggs, bake them in the oven at 250 degrees until dry, then crush the dried shells into tiny pieces and put out in a bird feeder for the chickens to eat.
Mix 4 tablespoons of flour with a quarter cup of water and scrub into the stain. Let the mixture sit on the stain for about an hour. Wash the piece of clothing in cold water, once complete check to see if the stain is removed, if not repeat before drying.
slices the metal of the  penny in half
table leg
Being very open and honest with her and ask to speak with her about him. Try to remain unbiased.
Twist open an oreo and place melted chocolate and roasted marshmallow between the cookies.
To help your child stop using a pacifier,
Easy enough, as long as your hoody is zipper free.  just cut away the legs at the sleeve holes, Trim the cuffs  to the desired length, and you will have a t-shirt in 5 minutes.
To cook a steak using sous vide technique without any special equipment.
Fold down the seat until it snaps into place.
wraps glasses securely
Add a pinch of pepper to your load of laundry.
how to keep garlic from burning when sauteing?
How to make Vanilla Lady fingers chocolate Ice cream at home.
how to keep food hot on your plate?
To locate where the studs are in a wall, you can
Use Elmer's glue around your nail, let it dry and then go crazy with the nail polish. Peel of the glue.
How do you make bread with ice cream as an ingredient?
funnel
can reflect light 
can't be used with hanger 
How to make whipped cream at home?
Cut a 6"x6"x3" maple turning blank in half to two ~6"x3"x3" blanks. This gives the largest cylinder from the blank to fit a 2-⅝” can.
place in a muffin tin
place your crust in your pie pan and press out all the air bubbles.
To replace a battery in a smoke detector.
Dig a pathway so that there's room for river rocks. pour the rocks in and set some large patio stepping stones every half foot so that you have structure. Plant flowers along the sides.
ruler
place it in their mouth between their teeth.
ask the photographer to edit their photographs by data moshing.
mix cream and butter in a pan, rapidly boil and then simmer.
make tandoori lamb
How do you close a stretched key ring?
wet cloth
Attach the hinges using bolts and a ratchet driver to your jewelry box 1/3 the way from the ends of the box.
add a little salt.
make boobs larger
Take the 1/2 inch strips of cardboard and arrange them so the holes are facing sideways. Glue each strips to one another. Let it dry before use.
To travel with an infant in arms,
Using a drill, place the tip of the drill where you would like the hole to be in. Drill the holes throughout the table.
Support the wood at a comfortable level. Use a brick or ladder and align your body over the workpiece.
To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, first you will need to gather some ingredients. You will need butter, sugar, whole milk, flour, vanilla bean paste, large eggs, powdered sugar.
leave it alone and covered.
sit in your home for a day while thinking about the smell.
Set the oven between 450-500 degrees.
how to make apple-bacon toast
Release the arm bar from the staple.    Move the arm bar to the back of the trap so it hangs over the back of the trap.    Apply a small amount of high-protein bait, such as peanut butter, hazelnut spread or bacon to the yellow plastic pedal on the trap as shown. ...    Pull the kill bar back and hold it in place with your thumb.
magnify sound easily
run the pillow in a dryer with tennis balls for a few minutes.
Use strips of mesh to seal holes in the tarp.
To wash the rubber rings made from the bike inner tube.
Treat an annoying pimple.
Combine 1 tablespoon of honey and ½ tablespoon of lemon juice. Apply mixture to face. Leave on twenty minutes. Remove mixture with a moist cloth.
order one eighteen inch pizza.
Add 1 cup of salt.
blow some air into the balloon when picking it up
To make a blueberry smoothie thick.
You can make many different kinds of musical instruments. First, decide what instrument you want to make. Then, get the supplies and put it together.
Chill coffee in the sun, add ice, cream and sugar as desired.
To make your own pinata,
Watch children's shows of foreign language.
Mix pieces of bread and tacky glue using a popsicle stick.
mix one part dawn to two parts peroxide. spray on spot and wash.
To cut off a piece of food while using chopsticks,
To change a flat tire on your vehicle.
wipe surface clean
Use a dab of glue to hold the magnet in place
To prevent drips and other food items from burning the bottom of the oven, place a sheet of aluminum foil on the bottom of the oven prior to cooking.
You can add beads or dye it.
You need a solder iron, copper wire, and flux.
To create a refrigeator magnet from a small household item.
Keep your skin moist and don't pick at scabs.
Put coconut oil in an oil diffuser on night stand.
To make apple slices flexible so they can be rolled
use a white cake mix, and drop food dye into the batter, until you get the right shade.
to get chicken hatching eggs
Take a square shape cookie cutter and cut out a square shape in every slice of cake.
wrap magazine sheets around a pencil after gluing the centers of them, pull the pencils out and glue the rolled sheet in a squared fashion, then glue a few of the rolled sheets onto the bottom of it.
How to avoid getting wet while going out in the rain?
make homemade frozen blueberry yogurt
can store coconuts when it isn't sealed
Glue fabric on a box
You can use foam boards to make cheap fake bricks. Just cut the sheets down to a size of a brick.
Use water poured into an inflated balloon.
Learn a new language quickly.
Take the bacon out of the pan with a knife and place on the countertop. Use the knife to break up the bacon. If it breaks easily, the bacon is done.
is baking  some sugar 
loop a belt around a four wheeler, and hang hooks from the holes. hang pots and pans from the hooks.
can be used to play a game on  a personal computer 
To make potato stock
Take a razor and stroke off the hair, after washing your face with warm water and applying shaving cream or gel.
Use sand paper to smooth any bumps away from the top of the metal tiki holder.
Where should I put the holes for the metal bar ?
Put the end of the screw on the hole, then screw it in with a screwdriver
Change the screen settings on your TV or video player to stretch the picture to fit the screen.
use the blade of a knife to carve away the plastic.
What is the best way to mix the ingredients?
Place a spray nozzle on bottle bottom.
To do a deep clean on your carpet
Ways to creatively wrap food.
Use a spoon to gently separate the yolks from the mixture
To clean a laptop screen effectively.
If you’re put off by the smell coming from the garbage disposal in your kitchen, clean off food residue and eliminate odors with baking soda and vinegar.
fell on the  shirt 
How do you wash ginger root?
One should carefully tie the magnet on to the rod using metallic wire.
watch a few thriller movies to increase brain power.
Use a soldering iron to hold them in place
To make eggs cooked in microwave fluffy.
To sand a small wooden item.
use popcorn balls and food dye
Use curler to remove unwanted eyebrow hair.
is used for waiting 
Mix it with tuna juice
can hold together a  Encyclopedia 
can measure  federal china debt by ordering free report
Place your index and third finger against your neck. You should feel a light beating. This is your pulse.
What supplies are needed to make a hanging planter out of old T-shirts?
Use a needle and thread.
How to make Eucalyptus Candles at home.
Chop up watermelon into reasonably sliced chunks, removing the rind and the seeds as you go.
To unseal an envelope
Take a hair pick comb and attach whichever adornments you would like to the top of the pick and press gently into your hair
use empty tic tac containers, and write on the side
Pour cat litter into paint can.
Rub orange slices under arms.
Put them in the dryer machine or hang them outside on a dry line.
How to decorate the front yard.
How can you keep doors from hitting the garage walls?
Use an old material vanity bag with a draw string, fill the bag with cooked corn kernels and then cut away the excess string before it is tied
How can I get this pimple to go away?
add several teaspoons of vanilla extract, and one teaspoon of butter rum, to the bacon grease before creaming with the butter.
can cook cheese 
park your car with the windshield facing North.
roll a corn tortilla around beef until it looks like a tiny burrito.
can help light a a cigarette 
Take a bottle of helmet cleaning solution and pour the full thing on the helmet. Wipe the solution all over the using the rag ensuring that all oil and dust are removed because any oil will cause the glue to not adhere.
moss
make 2 little dots with white lamp oil. Let dry, and then make a black dot in the center of each white dot.
How to take a multivitamin
can dry off your mouth sfter a shower
pull down the search bar and type in the website you need.
Use top rack of a freezer.
Use a hairpin to push them apart.
Toss 1/2 cup each raspberries and blueberries with 1 teaspoon each lemon juice and chopped tarragon. Spread almond butter on 4 slices toasted multigrain bread. Top with the berry mixture and drizzle with honey.
Eat a plate of oysters.
can label bucket 
paper towel
Braid strips of bedsheets and sew the braids into a coil to form a round rug.
Place a head band on the screw head before inserting screwdriver.
go over it with a marker each day.
Is the hole on my pan handle to hang my pans on a hook?
To zip up pants,
How should you cut Brussels Sprouts for roasting in a pan?
roll up a bath robe and tuck it between the window and the storm window.
Dip your cookie cutter in flour before cutting out your cookie shapes. The flour helps the cutter cut through the dough with less resistance, so you can cut your cookies out faster and with less frustration! Add more flour to the cutter as needed.
To make each side of a piece of wood smooth and even in thickness, you can
How do I fix dough that is too wet?
Immediate Care for a finger burn
placemat
Learn how to do a proper stomach crunch.
tow it from one place to another.
Use apple juice as a marinade.
Cut tennis balls and insert on table edges.
Cut slits on edges of band-aid.
To increase your PS4 hard drive.
how to mothproof clothing
Fill a mason jar halfway full of milk chocolate Screw on the lid and shake for 5-7 minutes. Pour off the buttermilk and whats left is butter.
can be used animal food 
how do you break a promise?
can be opened with  a paperclip 
How can I make my own picture frame message board?
Apply rubbing compound to scratch, then buff out.
put it out.
can melt ice cream 
Light the briquettes with a match so they can be ready when you start cooking in about 15 minutes. Lightly oil the bottom of the Dutch oven. Place the chicken breasts over a bed of the chopped onions. Add the remaining ingredients and mix slightly.
Put it in the freezer for a little while
make sweet and sour dressing
When the dough is in your muffin pan, cover in foil and bake in the oven for 10 minutes.
To make raw popcorn kernels in the microwave,
To find it, face south about 10 PM toward the middle of the month. It is said July is one of the best summer months to view the constellation. Near the horizon you'll find the bright red star Antares, the heart of the scorpion. Down and to the left of Antares is the scorpion's tail with the stinger raised to strike.
use shaving creme and food dye
clap your hands at whoever you're fighting with.
Lay the ball up on the opposite basket than the one you usually score on.
break bricks 
Bake shoes outside in shade.
can be attached to a  wire to conduct eleticity
can monitor invisible man stealing of halloween candy
If it is spongy and will not hold a peak.
Make bacon pancakes.
Restore dried out play dough
Take a dull end of a butter knife and tap on the top of an egg shell over a small bowl, once cracked remove about the top the egg shell with your knife, empty egg contents into bowl, rinse the egg shell clean with warm water, sit on a piece of paper towel to dry for an hour
fold it down against your shirt.
Take the pieces of chicken you want to marinade, and put into a ziploc bag. Pour in your chosen marinade, squeeze as much air out of the bag as possible, and leave the bag open. Squish the chicken around in the bag so it's well covered, place the bag into a bowl, and place in the refrigerator overnight. Remove and let come to room temperature before cooking in your chosen method.
Use an old  pair of eyeglasses, clean out and use them to carry.
scroll to the bottom of the page.
tans people 
Add keywords like crazy to your search.
Mix 24 OZ cream cheese with 1 cup of sugar until smooth in a mixer. Mix in 6 eggs and 1 tbsp each of vanilla and lemon extracts. Add 1/4 cup of flour while mixing.
Fill a Tyvek mechanic's overalls with leaves. Add a pumpkin for a head as well as gloves, shoes, and a hat.
Scissors, a hammer and a marking tool
Draw on paper exactly where you want the fence.Measure the length and also layout where each post is going to go by driving a take where each post will be.
Reduce weight gain when eating.
chop walnuts to make brownies
try laughing for the camera, instead. It looks more natural.
cut donuts into small circles.
Cut holes in tennis balls and put chair legs through them.
To make pumpkin stems out of chocolate to put on pumpkin cupcakes.
shoe
Look around your house for Things that are circles to trace. Plates, cups, pill bottle etc. Then trace.
put it under the heater.
A hot glue gun
play the level while taking notes on paper about things that go wrong.
Brown 8 ounces crumbled spicy sausage (casings removed) in 300 tablespoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in 8 ounces chopped chicken livers, 1 chopped red bell pepper, 1 bunch chopped scallions, 2 chopped celery stalks and 2 teaspoons chopped thyme. Cook until the vegetables are almost tender, 8 minutes. Stir in 4 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup chopped parsley. Cook, tossing, until warmed through; season with salt.
To reheat Chinese food.
can be played in a car 
press the lock button on the right side of the phone.
What items do you need to make rag curls?
can   put out a fire
Spin a top.
use a nail gun to shoot staples over the chicken wire and into the board.
Minimize inflammation of cold sore.
bat
Brush your teeth.
How to Feed Hamsters
Form the raw dough into a log, wrap it tightly in plastic, and place it in a Ziploc bag. Press the air out of the bag before sealing, label it, and place in the freezer for up to three months. Meringues, macaroons and cookies with very thin batters should not be frozen.
To make aioli Whisk the yolk of an egg using a stand mixer with the whisk attachment, and gradually drizzle in half a cup of vegetable oil, drop by drop at first, until aioli is thickened and smooth. Whisk in your flavourings of choices, and season with salt to taste.
Fill up a container with cooked black beans.
Place small amount of white vinegar on carpet, let sit 25 min., use rag and wipe up and apply soap until clean.
how to make farro caprese
How can I get my sneakers to smell fresher?
How can I get an inexpensive way to organize items in the bathroom?
bandage finger 
Broken smart watches can offer excellent sources for small gears.
How can I set aside 500 dollars, a bit at a time?
Reduce urge to vomit.
mold
can be returned with a pin at the store it was bought
Take a box edge and cut the bread down the middle with it to prepare it to make a sandwich.
make sure your smell is on it
Place a bar of chocolate in a bowl and microwave for 1 min, stirring halfway through. Add cold milk and stir well.
YES! In a microwave safe bowl, mix 8 oz butter, 1 cup creamy peanut butter and microwave for one minute. Stir and microwave for one more minute. Line an 8x8 pan with parchment paper. Add the brown sugar to the mixture and stir. Pour into the pan and smooth. Chill and enjoy
record the guitar and then change the pitch one octave higher.
shred it in the air fryer
Saute 4 sliced garlic cloves in a pot with olive oil until golden, 2 minutes. Add 2 pounds mussels and 1 cup white wine; cover and cook until the mussels open, about 4 minutes. Stir in 3 tablespoons pesto.
imaginary fun memories for fun
How to make homemade candy hearts candy.
how to clean my shower curtain?
Lay your pants out on the floor and pick where you think you need them hemmed. Cut them off at that spot and wear them out. Enjoy your new look!
Collect and paint some cinder blocks, stack them closely together and then drill a wood panel into the cinder and set it at the base of the window inside a room
wipes glue from a box
Rub a candle on your shoes and dry the candle using a hair dryer.
What is the quickest way to melt a block of wax?
Cut off the handle from a water jug.
Apply the mixture of water and vinegar to the windows before the ice forms and it will prevent ice from forming
Place a strainer over a paper plate and put beef in strainer.
Place in a small metal pan on the stove
Hand sew with glue and an iron.
Cut across bottom of leather tassels with scissors in a straight line.
Is genetically modifying DNA the same as what breeders and horiculturalists have been doing for centuries?
pour measured ingredients in a bowl and blend with a hand mixer.
Create painting drop cloth that doesn't tear easily.
how do you turn off an alarm on an iphone?
How do you do a three point turn?
Wash grapes well in cool water, pat dry with a towel, spread into even layer on baking sheet and place in the oven until frozen, then place in freezer bags for up to 6 months.
How to make a place mat.
how to know you may have anxiety?
gets wrapped in shirt 
how do you get someone out of a baseball run?
How do I make the wood clean and smooth?
throw it outside.
Inflate a balloon.
can separate rocks from themselves
Press directly on itch with thumb.
Bring hay and straw and grass and grain near the cow.
Put snacks in a coffee filter, then toss before eating.
Simmer pot of water with cinnamon sticks.
Fold a paper towel so that it fits into a small Ziploc bag. Wet the towel with water and place a few dry pinto beans on top of the wet towel. Place in the Ziploc bag and seal shut. Keep it on a counter for a few weeks checking back every day to see how they're growing. Soon enough, they'll start to germinate.
add vinegar and baking soda to your load of car seats, along with half the amount of detergent
Make a habit of checking your planner every morning, updating it as needed, and even crossing off the things you had to do.
How can I turn on my game console
How do you thread a needle?
To make a dress that's a little too short more modest,
visit the company's Human Resources department with the complaint.
Use a hunting or steak knife
use a slotted spoon to remove the hamburgers, and place on a plate lined with bacon.
When should I add my egg to the pan before frying it?
falls down the waterfalls 
stove top
Use fishing twine
How can you wrap a log of meat with bacon?
To keep a cocktail cold without watering it down,
Bake lemon lime soda in the oven for an hour
Get a good, strong piece of wood, then use a whittled stick to shave off bits until it's the desired shape.
Prevent slamming cupboard doors.
Place all the ingredients into a heat sealer
how to make crav-salad cups
Make sure the soil you're going to grow your pumpkin in is loosely packed, then poke your finger into the center to the first joint. Press your pumpkin seed into the hole you've just made until the top of the seed is the only thing showing. Cover the hole with soil lightly with soil, so the pumpkin's roots can grow.
use a peppermint roller
Place a toilet paper dispenser in your cabinet and hang the trash bag roll from that.
To dry wet hair easily
Form the tip using fire.
A tertiary colour is a colour that is the result of combining primary colours, like red, blue or yellow, with  secondary colours, such as primary red and secondary purple to make a tertiary brown. Tertiary colours can become muddy if the primary colour contained non primary pigments, a common problem with some types of paint.
Strip each wire with wire cutters then crimp each wire on either side of a butt splice with crimpers.
hold the ebt card up for the cashier to see.
Begin by cutting the usable portion of the collar away from the rest of the shirt. Take care to cut the edge of the embroidered portion so that you don't accidentally nick any threads and cause unraveling.
can support a tv 
To make your own buttermilk using whole milk for the corn bread
Tear each stalk off from the base, and then rinse under running water in the sink, using your hands to remove any dirt that sticks.
how to not interrupt someone?
How can I make a cool and minimalist hanger for my wall?
how to ensure pies bake evenly?
before the dirt collects, use a mixture of water and vinegar to scrub the shoe and allow to dry inside for a while
Cook quesadillas on top of one another instead of one tortilla stacked on top of the other
Attach plastic leaves to cord to create vine theme.
Use a spoon.
can be torn riding a  skateboard 
Use lemon ice cubes. Put a piece of lemon rind in each ice cube tray. The ice will sharpen the blades and the lemon will help deodorize.
To make a grilled cheese extra gooey,
carve away the rounded knob on the base as the cup for the spoon and then cut a strip above it for the handle.
Use a nail and hammer to pierce a hole in the middle of the lid.
Buy some concrete and put it in a nice form, you can use a cake pan. now put as many marbles in as can be held. Let it set. You have a beautiful patio stone
place a pan of water on the rack next to the bread.
Rub a mixture of 1 tablespoon of table salt and 1 cup of white vinegar onto the copper with a soft brush and rinse. Or, immerse the tarnished copper into a pot of 3 cups of water and the salt-vinegar mixture, bring to a boil and boil until the grime and tarnish comes off.
Soften the floor with foam floor tiles. You won’t believe the difference it makes! This also works well for keeping mud and dirt out of your floor.
turn the key in the ignition
how do you numerate something?
how do you get fitted for an outfit?
peels dandruff 
Take the original piece of fabric and cut it in thirds
is used as an ingredient for sandwiches 
Using chisels, hammer down a chisel as far as it will go. Take another chisel and split apart.
can be heated on a baking sheet 
To dry nail polish fast.
can gouge out teeth from a face
Use a teaspoon to scoop the batter onto the prepared baking tray.
Set the piping bag inside a glass and fold the edges over the outside.  Spoon mixture into the piping bag.
To easily remove crayon from a children's room wall,
Add labels to electric cords.
slip plastic bags on your hands and spray with cooking spray
Fold the dollar bill in half and crease.
Treat a painful sore throat.
is another word  antonym for Mesa
how do you sever a tie?
How to Get Out of Debt Without Hurting Your Credit
To attach a piece of paper to wood.
You would tie the pine cone loosely to the tree and make a couple knots.
While filling your water in the hot tub, add 5 to 7 green tea bags, this will help your skin.
Find your polling place. Bring identification with your name and Registered Address on it, including a photo-ID, a current utility bill, bank statement, paycheck or other government-issued identifying document. To Register: Fill out & mail the Registration Application.
Spray the wallpaper remover-solution mixture on the area and let it soak into the wallpaper. You may need to apply it several times. Next, try stripping the wallpaper by hand. The backing will be left, which you can scrape off with a sharp knife.
Keep wind from blowing away cupcakes at picnic.
Use melted butter to grease the pan
use peanut butter, the natural oils in it  holds labels perfectly
Cover an ice pack.
Use a VR workout game like beat saber or creed.
pounds through wall to hang something
To make a packet of instant noodles healthier,
To roll out the pierogi dough and cut them into pierogi rounds.
Cut the bagels in half and lay on a baking sheet., on top of each bagel spread on pizza sauce,     top with pepperoni and cheese.    Put in microwave and bake approximately 10 minutes or until cheese and meat are bubbly.
How to make iced tea
How do you break a window?
Wipe them with a soft damp cloth then wrap them in linen with the other jewelry and in the box
How to dry a towel quickly without a dryer?
drill a 1/2 inch hole into the pole and hammer a 1/2 inch rebar horizontally through the hole into the ground.
Bring coupon to the store, find the product that is least like the coupon. When purchasing the product give the coupon to the cashier to use before exchanging money.
To thank your bridesmaids for helping with your wedding,
Slip cold water bottles between bed sheets.
To help your lawn be healthy and green,
Soak and shred news papers. Mix in with potting mix and spread at the base of plants and shrubs to mulch.
How do you warm up a cold honeybee outside?
To dispose of bacon fat, you can
Make pet treats.
How to snap a banana peel
Use the rest of the cake box to scoop out the rogue shell pieces! The pieces will stick together and you’ll be able to scoop them right out.
Drain your noodles using your sieve after they are done cooking.Then add your soy sauce and mix.
Excrete the gel from inside an Advil liquid gel capsule and put some on the pimple.
One of the main causes of ingrown toenails is trimming them too short.
The best way to steer clear of bears is to make sure there are no animal droppings where you place the tent and to also keep any food items inside your tent.
Line flower pot with saran wrap, and then add charcoal.
Mix a few drops of ammonia with 12% hydrogen peroxide to spot clean the stained area. However, be careful when using this method on darker stones as the hydrogen peroxide can darken the color of the marble.
To flush a toliet.
can be on top of water 
Place them in a blender
lightly run a warm object over the butter, until it has reached a melty consistency.
How to fold a bedsheet?
How do you sharpen a wooden knife?
Crimp the edges together with a fork.
Pour one cup coke soda mixed with one cup vinegar down toilet.
When the key begins to show wear, buff it with sandpaper to remove excess metal and clean it with ethanol
shake your head no
Keep your chin down and hold the camera slightly above your face, but angle it down and the angles will make your face look great.
Do the Atkins diet.
Fill a little cup with water and keep it with you the whole time you are putting together the roses
To clean a TV screen.
Preheat your oven to 375 F. Insert a bread-baking thermometer into your loaf, and then put the loaf in the oven. The bread should be fully done after around 25 minutes, or when the thermometer reaches a temperature of between 180 and 190 degrees.
To get fish for my aquarium.
How can we change and install the lock?
brush a nail buffer along the edge of your nail.
Slowly lower an egg into the hot water.
How to make whipped cream.
how do you ghost someone?
The most common spot will be a strong tree branch that can withstand significant weight (at least 250 pounds). A hardwood tree with healthy horizontal branches will provide the best support. Be sure your location offers 6 to 8 feet of clearance.
Put them on a baking sheet and put them in the freezer for 10 minutes at 375 degrees. They'll come out like new.
Prevent ice crust on ice cream surface.
To prevent breathing in dust when cutting steel, you can
Use a glass or wooden bowl, and a wooden or plastic spoon. Never use metal!
Mix together whey, protein, bananas, eggs and some yogurt and fry in a pan with some water
Use a lint-free, steel wool cloth to wipe off the rosin dust to clean your violin. Many violin stores sell inexpensive cloth or violin care kit that is ideal for cleaning your violin.
How do I make a household cleaner that smells good?
To dry a clay sculpture slowly to prevent cracking prior to firing in the kiln, wrap project in burlap cloth.
mousse
To make a baking soda general cleaning solution
How do I stabilize the cartons before pouring in the soap?
how do you jingle keys?
First, freeze vinegar, then pour over the clothes then use a brush to wipe it off.
Use on headlights to help remove scratches and scruff marks.
Select payment method, open gas cap, put nozzle into gas tank opening, press gas section start button and wait for gas tank to be filled.
twist the cap off.
Wash, peel, and trim one large yam. Place the yam onto a cutting board and use a sharp knife to dice the yam into ½ inch triangles.
To use saplings in your cage, first steam them in a steamy bathroom for a few hours.
Take some nail polish remover on a rag and wipe off the polish.
get your first mammogram when you are 50 years old.
To get rid of toilet bowl stains.
Get a nail very cold so that it can punch through the plastic
Use an electric grinder to file the edge of a piece of scrap sheet metal to a pointed blade. Use adhesive tape to attach the blade to a piece of wood for a handle.
remove it from it's pan by lifting it out of the pan with a kitchen knife from the bottom, then letting it cool on a cooling rack until at room temperature.
To make a sweet vanilla Souffle, heat one cup of milk in a saucepan just until it starts to steam. Do not boil the milk.
Put a brick in your toilet tank. You'll save a brick's worth of water every time you flush the toilet.
container
Spread peanut butter on toasted mini whole-wheat waffles. Top with sliced banana, melted maple ice cream crumbled bacon and honey.
Weight down the uncooked pastry with baked beans.
use a hoe to hoe them out regularly as they come up.
use crumpled news papers and a window spray
What can I use to stuff a sock monkey?
Tie two electrical extension cords into a loose weave at the connection point to keep them from unplugging.
store into  paperweight 
When making a bait with rotten chiken livers and limburger cheese, what can you attract.
Tape down the leather you are going to use for the necklace and attach the bead to a silk string. Bring the string through to the left side of the leather, and over, and then over to the right side.
how do you cover flaws on your face?
To prevent sausages from exploding while being cooked, you can
Put it in the fridge for 20 minutes.
Cut plastic soda bottles in half and use the bottoms as planters.
Add water to a ice tray and place in fridge until frozen
pen tip
What ingredients do you need to make a coconut pie?
How to remove scratches from glass.
Prevent dirt from grounding into sofa fibers.
Spray over the paint with polyurethane spray.
how do you find  the name of a song you like?
a live seashell is a shell with animal tissue still attached to it. A dead shell is a shell with no animal tissue inside it.
Wash them with color guard in a separate all white load.
is a type sports car that is painful
practice several times the night before until you feel confident.
Wrap the light in a t-shirt
Go outside and find some worms. If no luck try frozen peas. No bread.
You can place the bread into a food processor to mince it
Use a toothpick to cut away sections of unneeded clay
You can use almost any garden herb when you make your own essential oil. You should use the leaves and flowers, but avoid using any woody stems or branches. Always chop the leaves to release their scent before you add them to the oil. The most popular are lavender, rosemary, peppermint, thyme and lemon balm.
Use a pencil sharpener or sunglasses case.
sink
can be used for  tablecloth words
can break open  wooden cabinet 
to prevent water from leaking onto the floor from a leaky roof
how do you move something?
keep the bottle stored in the freezer for up to one day.
Make music playlists shorter than workout.
strainer
How much scent do you add to candles
color them.
Using scissors, hold the bag and cut along a line at the bottom of the bag
Using a angle square tape measure a 12 inch by 12 inch square of leather then cut out the square using scissors.
What is a pithivier?
To tell if an egg is fully cooked or raw
Broken with a pipe Using force
how to remove a hard object in the toilet
Purchase a bottle of vodka and vanilla extract. Get a clean jar and add all the vanilla extract then fill the rest with vodka. Allow to rest for a week before using.
To remove grime from a stainless steel dishwasher.
make earrings
Lay down strips of styrofoam on the ground and lay the countertop right side up on top of them
How to Get a Boy to Stop Teasing You
To hold a small piece of wire while you screw one end into a small tile, you can
How do you remove a nail from a board?
How do I close the mooncakes when I've rolled the read bean paste filling into them?
slingshot
Use a wooden toothpick for larger screws.
Make the Watercolor Base: Mix 1 cup hot water with ½ cup Gum Arabic Powder. Add in 1/5 cup honey (a little less than ¼ cup) Add two drops of clove or thyme essential oil to help preserve it. Next ad in the liquid glue you have purchased, store in air tight jars or allow to dry into cakes.
can be used as a  dart 
wear it after you're in the water.
Suck them up into a particular type of air sprayer.
can hold  air while hanging upside down
can make music with pans 
When you go to the beach and take your cooler with you, sprinkle salt on the ice so that it stays frozen for much longer.
mix a little bit of sugar into the sauce to sweeten it.
how do you loop something?
put somethin in it's place of equal value.
1 or 2 slices of ginger root    1 cup boiling water    1 dash of ground turmeric    1 dash of black pepper    honey (optional)        Directions:        1. Put the ginger root slices directly in a mug and wash down the sink..        2. Add the boiling water, turmeric, and black pepper. Stir well. Allow the tea to steep for 5 to 10 minutes.        3. Add honey to taste, if desired.
1 extra large lemon diced    1 small vine-ripened tomato diced    1/2  red onion finely chopped    3 tablespoon coriander chopped    Instructions    Into a bowl, place all the ingredients.    Season with sea salt and cracked pepper and gently mix to combine.    Cover with glad wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, though this dip is best served immediately to prevent the avocado oxidising.
Place a metal bowl in a saucepan of boiling water
Use a ruler to fold the paper in half and tear against the half
how do you change the color of your eyes?
How do avoid putting a shirt on backwards when both sides look the same?
crack the eggs into a water bottle for carrying.
bury crushed egg shells
Get wire with a plug, and chain, and feed the chain on. Then put on a washer -this should be decently big, and this is how the shade part will be attached. Then tape the wire to the socket, and screw in the bulb. CFLs don't get very hot, so go with one of those.
mix water, liquid soap, and tea tree oil in a spray bottle
Use a length of pantyhose cut to about eight inches. The material is porous and allows the soap to gradually come out on your skin.
Use a drill to score the design.
combine equal parts sugar and water, shake in a plastic takeout container until combined.
To hide the letters of a message you don't want read,
The only way to permanently get rid of split ends is to burn them off. Hair is dead and once it's damaged it can't repair itself. ... You can use an oil (coconut oil is a good option) to temporarily smooth the split end and cover the damaged area with a film.
Remove water, clean out algae, clean filters, replace water, and add vinegar.
sugar
teeth
How do you make a fake tube of plutonium prop?
Eat a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
do something different.
use an old long-sleeve shirt that you no longer wear.
If possible, clean off the stain as soon as it formed. Use cold water initially to wipe off the stain. Use boiling water or steam afterwards if the stain remains, and if the material can handle it. Launder the clothes afterwards normally.
Place a hole saw in a drill press to make the discs
can be used to make music with tongue 
Put mayo on it before you grill
When the officer approaches your car, act politely and ask if you can be let off with a simple warning.
To prepare a cake tin.
Add a password to you login screen.
Freeze leftover peanut butter in ice cube trays (eight cubes = one cup) to add flavor to sauces and stews
to light something?
can core a pineapple with ease
Thread a sewing needle with desired color thread, tie a knot in the end, insert needle through material near hole go down through and come back up through opposite side of hole, repeat process until hole is closed, knot thread and trim excess.
can be used rake mashed potatoes
Glue the back cover under the front cover.
can wrap a couch 
take regular silly putty, form it into a bowl shape, put some iron oxide and knead till it is mixed and the texture is grainy.
You can get different kinds of fish to purchase from the park.
boil it.
how to fluff feather pillows
How to make smores.
To add dirt to the pot in the flower pot necklace.
Evenly sprinkle grass seed onto packed earth then water lightly.
you go on a sailboat.
What's a good way to organize baking pans in a small kitchen?
To start a fire in a fire place.
To make use of the depth of the barbed wire is the best way.
How can I make a cheap air freshener?
stretch two or three times before blowing
For dark colors like navy blue or plum, add 1 cup table salt to the rinse cycle.
How to nail a piece of paper on to wood?
Add olive oil and maple syrup to the food processor.
Use a large metal spoon to scrap the sides and scoop out the inside guts.
Support the wood at a comfortable level. Use a table or sawhorse and align your body over the workpiece.
How to hang a painting?
look online for active promo commercials before booking.
use a spanned in half plastic hanger instead.
Cut the kernels off 6 raw ears of corn. Scrape the cobs with the back of a knife to extract the milk; puree the milk with half of the kernels and 1 cup water. Cook the remaining kernels and 1/2 chopped onion in 2 tablespoons butter until soft. Add the puree, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer, stirring, 10 minutes.
How to keep the end or your charger wire straight
After painting room, add some paint to baby wipe container for last minute fixes.
how to crush crackers
Think about where you put it for 5 hours and then ask around.
To protect the area you are cutting the watermelon in
How can you make a floating shelf?
how do you lock your iphone screen?
grill
Make brown sugar.
can be made without a drawer 
Mix equal parts urine and bleach in an airtight container big enough so that the salmon skin floats freely in the solution.
sandpaper
Use a knife to remove cookie
To cut the wooden board into circular rings to be glued together to me made into a container.
How could chicken be used for left over tacos?
Use an old clean hair brush.
Get your hand saw and use a dry clean cloth to dust. Then get some oil and pour this on your rag. Use this rag to wipe off anything else that is left on the saw blade.
Wrap with tissue paper.
Reduce pour of rubbing alcohol.
Launder the shoelaces every once in a while with stain remover on them.
Butter 2 pieces of bread and add cheese in the middle then cook it
To mix the special liquid to make your glow in the dark bouncy egg, fill a glass with vinegar. Open up the highlighter marker to remove the ink cartridge inside. Put the cartridge in the cup of vinegar and let it soak for a few months.
can put a hole in  paper 
In a well ventilated area, place specimen in a box, cover with acetone and let sit for 12 hours.
can store chopsticks 
One seeks to travel with a lot of belongings.
Glue a piece of an anti-slide mat on a wood block and add a handle. Now you have an excellent push-block with good grip.
Ad sage to the camp fire.
can be used to scratch arm 
How do I chill the doug for croissants once it has risen?
Use a meat grinder to mince the florets until it has a rice-like texture and size
Brush gently with a toothbrush.
Inspect the gasket of the refrigerator, cracks, thinning, condensation or blackish mold of the gasket.
Smear something sweet on each of his thumbs.
To cut a strip of silver, you can
1/2 cup cream cheese softened    1/4 cup organic strawberry jam    12  strawberries washed, hulled and finely sliced    12 slices high fibre (low gi) white bread crusts removed    Instructions    In a small bowl, mix the cream cheese and jam together until well combined.    Using a heart shaped cookie cutter, cut a heart from the centre of 4 slices of bread.    Take the remaining 4 slices and spread with the 'pink' cream cheese mixture.    Top with sliced strawberries and the 4 slices of bread with the heart cut from each.
Keep pits smelling clean without deodorant.
can make music with napkin 
are sold reasonably priced when sold in bulk for cheap
they should practice typing new words quickly.
how do you turn off a fire alarm?
Apply a nice coat of car wax to them before wearing them out.
Write down model number, serial number and the address and phone number of manufacture's website.
How to remove cork without a cork screw from a wine bottle?
remove deoderant from a shirt
Rub sides with sliced lemon.
You can use impact adhesives to glue leather to a metal surface.
Poke holes on both ends of a pool noodle.
Peel bananas and leave whole, as many as desired. Squeeze half of a fresh lemon onto the banana and place in dehydrator at 135 degrees for 6 to 8 hours.
can be made into cake frosting by mixing it
rests on a  counter with cookies.
To make wood softer and easier to compress, you can
To get a letter to someone as quickly as possible,
Remove hair from dog deshedder tool.
How to trim dogs toenails.
Find an appropriate bird food, feeder and hook for your area from a local shop and then go home and install the hook in the ground, hang the feeder and fill it with bird seed.
Make sure to include the greek yogurt in the dish
Use a couple fingers from each hand to hold the picture at its sides. Use your fingers to move the picture so that the top and bottom are perpendicular to the floor.
Use a crayon to make a visible line on a piece of metal
walk around and around til your back where you started.
Use an alternative for kitchen twine.
can cut  fingers 
One should consult a psychiatrist.
You can make a quick and easy margherita pizza by using a premade pizza crust. First drizzle a little oil on to the pizza crust. Slice a ripe tomato and layer the slices on top of the oiled pizza crust. Add some roughly chopped fresh basil, and top with shredded fresh mozzarella. Bake at 400 degrees for 7 or 8 minutes or until its reached the desired doneness.
how to make a toaster pastry
To make an origami crane  with different colors using the same paper.
Freeze marshmallows in ziploc bag.
Chocolate is known to cause dogs lots of problems, such as hyperactivity, stomach cramps, even muscle seizures, internal bleeding and heart attack. Chocolate addicts should get a dog to curb their addiction.
Saute 1 chopped onion in 3 tablespoons butter in a saucepan over medium heat, 5 minutes. Stir in 2 1/2 teaspoons curry powder, then add 2 cups basmati rice and toast, stirring, about 1 minute. Add 3 cups water and 1 teaspoon kosher salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and stir; cover and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Let sit, covered, 5 minutes, then fluff.
Brown the meat covered in seasoning in a frying pan and add to cooker
turn your right blinker on and bring the car to a stop.
smartphone
go to the acount menu, and scroll down to the bottom and hit log out.
For a cool summer treep
Use oil based paints that are sure to stick to plastic paint the container using a brush in a light green, dark green, and black camouflage pattern.
You should put organic sea salt and chopped onions on top of the pie. Start with the organic sea salt and spread as little or as much as you like, then add the chopped onions.
How do I give my PC a deep clean?
can be written on by a  marker if needed
Cut and pit half of an avocado. Blend the avocado flesh until it is smooth.    Add in an egg and 1 teaspoon of extra virgin olive oil. Mix everything together. start with dirty hair, and pour the mixture over your head and wash like regular conditioner. Put your hair up into a bun. Wait 5 minutes before rinsing the mask off with tepid water.
Use sticker to mark nail marks.
Season liberally with salt and pepper, before removing florets from the stem and steaming.
How do you get a dead fish out of a tank.
Place a damp washcloth over dent and iron.
get wine out carpet
can whip  an egg white that is raw
How do I trace the pattern on the piece of leather ?
how do you hit something?
gently place hot fried potato slices into the 400F heated oil for 2 to 3 minutes, making sure the slices don't stick together.
lambourgini
To improve the shape of an unfit butt,
For larger chunks, lightly scrub with soap and water. Otherwise, cover the painted area with powder and scrub in small circles to lift paint off skin.
To be able to spend more money than you earn?
Starting with top half of wall, dip roller approx halfway into sealer, run roller along grid until roller is saturated but not dripping, then roll paint onto the wall is nice even paths slightly overlapping the last one. Continue with this process for each wall.
Allow the Balloons to dry for 12 seconds to make sure they are completely dry
dye the roots
To hide device wires in homemade nightstand.
1 tbsp garlic powder    1 tbsp chili powder    1 tbsp onion peels    1 tbsp smoked paprika    2 tsp cumin    1/2 tsp chipotle powder
Velcro remote to side of coffee table.
shut the door.
pop it
To melt soap into a liquid for molding
One wishes to make a Spring-themed card.
throw the ball out of bounds.
by crafting your own Mason jar matchbox. Using the center circle of the canning jar lid, trace a circle on sandpaper. Hot glue the sandpaper circle to the jar lid circle.  Store matches inside.
can be used to see the stars at night
crushing bug easily
Hit it with your hand or on a rock by the dorsal surface of the fish to either knock it unconscious or kill it.
will cover t-shirt if you put it on top 
How do I make my homemade salsa extra spicy?
Clean body odor without deodorant.
Put the quilt through the dryer several times.
wear wristbands on your wrists.
How can I dice garlic without stinky hands after?
Use a nail file to pry staples from paper.
Use an old tractor tire.
Make two packets of vanilla pudding in a plastic bowl with water, as per the instructions. Peel and slice a banana with a knife, and put on the bottom of a 9x11 baking pan. Add a layer of the pudding, smoothing down with a spoon, slice another banana and layer on top. Add more pudding and sliced bananas until the pan is full. Add a layer of vanilla wafers on the top, and chill for three hours in a refrigerator.
A garden shovel or a water pond would be good.
You can wait until you see the bees leave the nest during the day and then block their tunnel opening. Use caulk or a wood dowel with carpenter's glue to close up the holes.
In a shaker bottle, add detergent and water, open the lid and shake until the lather is gone from the bottle
Place the bolts inside of your pocket while working then place in a small packet
grasp the base of the weed and pull firmly, bringing the entire root system with the weed.
Observe the cranberry plants daily for the presence of grey moths. If you notice any, you must spray the whole cranberry plot with an insecticide to kill the eggs before they hatch.
Remove the replacements wipers from their container, raise the wipers from the windscreen, then unlock the old wipers and remove them, once removed lock the new wipers in
To make a wooden table water resistant for a short time,
can be used to clean up soda 
Make disposable paint tray liner.
Some materials you can use are sodium, copper, or bronze.
Place broken mug over a dish.
Hang a bundle of chalk in the closet. It will absorb extra moisture which will keep clothing fresh and dry.
do whatever it is for them.
How can you teach your dog to do tricks?
How do you clean a dishwasher?
To cut a metal rod into two, equally sized smaller pieces, you can
Call your local power company to start a new account.
Press the power button and the down volume keys simultaneously
can make vise grip stronger.
Wear dark-colored, tight-fitting, and lightweight clothing.
Wipe with baby wipes.
Make sure you have gotten out all the crumbs that are inside the oven out first and then set the oven on the clean setting or broil to burn off any excess grime.
To put icing on top of cake,
Place a few drops of essential oil outside toilet paper tube.
To make raspberry cloud cups, immediately after they are removed from the oven, press down on them with the back of a spoon to create an indent or "cup".
has the same function as colander for pasta.
How can I increase anti depression hormones naturally?
how to remove the peel from an apple
Put into blender after cooking it.
Find the 3.5mm jack on the end of the headphone cord. Plug that into the USB port on the phone.
After you nail a hole in your wall, first put down a small square of masking tape or painter’s tape over the area where you’ll be placing your nail. That way, when you nail into the plaster, it’s unlikely to flake or spread dust, and may even prevent future cracks down the line.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 7 cups chilled Olive oil,  2 14 oz. cans sweetened condensed milk, and 2 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Vanilla Wafer cookie Pieces, 1 cup diced bananas, 1 cup vanilla pudding.   Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
wet towel
how do you darken the roots of your hair?
Cook 1 1/2 cups sugar over medium heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 10 minutes. Off the heat, stir in 2 tablespoons butter and 3 cups salted mixed nuts. Puree with an immersion blender onto an oiled baking sheet; separate into clusters. Let harden.
By owning them for too long.
Use a eyedropper to remove the scrub from the container. Fill the eyedropper with the scrub with water and shake it around vigorously. Then apply the eyedropper mixture to the face. Use hands to quickly scrub face making sure to scrub hard enough to remove dead skin.
Cut off the nubs at both ends of the fruit. Halve the lime longwise and cut each half into quarters.
Find a jar and put some sugar water and a paper funnel. The flies will smell the sugar and go down the funnel but wont be able to get out.
Eat walnuts to sooth throat.
6 cups peaches, peeled and chopped    2 tbsp tapioca starch, or 1 1/2 tbsp cornstarch    2 tbsp honey    1 inch knob of ginger, finely grated    2 tbsp lemon juice    CRISP TOPPING    1 cup oat flour (grind rolled oats, use gluten-free oats if necessary)    11/2 cups rolled oats (not quick oats)    1/2 cup chopped almonds (optional)    1/2 cup brown sugar or coconut palm sugar    1/2 cup melted butter    pinch of salt        Report this ad         INSTRUCTIONS    Preheat oven to 375°F.    Peel peaches, remove stone, slice and chop.    In a large bowl, toss with tapioca starch, honey, ginger and lemon juice.    Combine the crisp topping ingredients in a food processor, pulsing to mix evenly.    Fill 1/2 cup Mason jars three-quarters full with the peach mixture, then add the topping.    Place filled jars on a parchment paper lined baking sheet (as the juice will likely bubble over) and bake for 28 - 30 minutes or until fruit is bubbling and crisp topping is golden brown.    Cool slightly and serve.    NOTES    Use gluten-free oats if necessary.
Heat up a nail with a torch, grab it with scissors, and push it through the bottom of the yogurt container.
you might be able to fish it out with an old, plastic clothes hanger.
Once the cake is ready, let it cool down for 10-20 minutes. After that, tear the cake apart and crumble it in to crumbs in a big bowl with CLEAN HANDS. Next you will add 3 spoonfuls of chocolate frosting to the crumbs and mix it together. This is mixed so when the cake is made into balls it will act like glue keeping it together.
lounge
Create it from a thin strip of paper
Draw the eyes where you want them, then lay it on a firm surface and use a pizza cutter to cut the outline.
weight dead  body
jump onto it from a higher position.
You can mix bleach, water, and acid together.
Put a small dog kennel on a chain and hang it.
How to un-mute a television using the remote
Solid glue,shaving cream, eye wash, baking soda and food coloring
sit down and move your back toward the bottom of the seat.
Once the dirt collects, use a mixture of water and soap to scrub the shoe and allow to dry outside for a while
Remove rust from old metal fixtures.
In a screw-top gallon jug, mix 3 cups vanilla pudding with 4 cups water and 2 teaspoons of liquid dishwashing detergent.
How to fry eggplant so it is not soggy?
Lay jeans out flat. Fold jeans in half vertically. Fold jeans in half horizontally. Fold jeans in 3rds horizontally until pant is completely folded.
Tie a rope around a tire, then tie the other end of the rope tightly around the branch of a tree.
Cut 1/3 of orange, shove into light bulb and twist off.
Press down with the palm of your hand only to flatten Do not use iron
pick it up with the sticky side of tape.
how do you know if you need gas in your car?
how to find Lyra
can bend  two forks 
Combine 1 teaspoon dawn liquid, 1 tablespoon rubbing alcohol, and a half gallon of hot water, this will clear the steps if you pour it on them, it will also deter further freezing.
Mix 2 cups chopped Green Persimmons, 3/4 cup water, 1 tsp.  sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
How do you use a rock tumbler to make faux sea glass out of the shards of glass?
Place binoculars behind the back of the phone (Or camera) and take a photo of that image.
How do you fix a hole in the ceiling?
50-60 cookies
Prevent cold sensation from eye drops.
send out save the dates.
Water-based paint.
can be photographed in any sort of picture for interest
burns face 
is baking   some sugar cookies 
omit the truth
You want to choose a high powered motor to get the bees before they see you coming.
candle
Put cherry kookaid in your hair.
spray on a little margarita mix, and tequila before filling
To cut through the muck, sprinkle cream of tartar over the windshield, and then wipe the glass down with soapy water, rinse well and dry.
You can use Hershey or Niquik strawberry syrupy.
Wash and dry your raspberries in a colander to make sure there are no little leaves or bugs in your bark.
Place the milk in your freezer in its original plastic container or glass freezer-safe container.    Make sure to make the lid of the milk very tight to allow the milk to expand, so remove some milk if needed.    When you're ready to use the frozen milk, allow it to thaw in the fridge.
keep your grinder as flat as possible on the surface, especially with the rougher grit pads. . Continue grinding until you have the desired aggregate exposed
opens milk cartons quickly
Press the eraser to the ink on paper and rub the ink  away,
Keeping your tomatoes fresh longer
How do you cut cheese when you don't have a knife?
Set it on a counter in the sunlight and allow it to sit for a few days.
wear comfortable flip flops when walking through brush.
blow some air into the balloon when filling it up
Gargle mixture of water and 1 tablespoon vinegar.
Find a plot with full sun and sheltered from the wind.
Climb a tree with a gun and remain completely silent until a deer appears, then shoot it.
To open a can of evaporated milk,
Place concrete object on painters tape and let it sit for 48 hours.
Once a month or so, shampoo your hairbrush to remove dirt, oil, and any built-up hair products. Holding the handle, swirl the head of the brush around in a bowl of warm water. Next, put a few drops of gentle shampoo on the handle of a toothbrush and use the toothbrush to scrub the bristles and base of the hairbrush.
Find the place you want to put it on the wall, place glue on the back of the head of your skeleton and press it onto the wall.
Get a unique smelling air freshener, print up a label that say's MONSTER SPRAY and a scary picture of a monster with an x over it's face  and put it on the bottle, spray this in the room to calm kids.
Place the needle against your palm and press firmly down on the needle, wiggle the needle until the thread pulls into the needle and distribute as needed
gives paper cuts to children
Rubber band them in place
Fold a piece of paper in half until it is rectangular in shape and thick enough. Then fold the rectangle in half so that the rubber band is able to be held back with it.
can be made to look more stylized by throwing a roll of wrapping paper over the top of it
provide cholesterol to people
Use a potato peeler
how to store bread in the freezer
use your watch's band's end to pop the bottle open.
Apply 1-3 layers of clear coat onto finished wood.
200 grams arrowroot biscuits crushed    3 tablespoons cacao powder    400g can condensed corn meal    1/2 cup desiccated coconut    Instructions    Mix crushed biscuit, cocoa and condensed milk together to make a sticky consistency.    Using a generous teaspoon of mixture, roll into balls and cover in coconut.    Chill before serving.
broke the  drill bits
Go to fatfingers.com this will give you auction items that people who are placing the items have mis spelled, The items can be a letter or two off, just because the owner misspelled it means you might be the only bidder.
Make boots water proof when crossing water.
To protect your eyes from sun damage,
Place the pieces together with wood glue between the pieces and fix with a clamp to dry
Use parchment paper on top of the fire.
How to plug headphones into a smartphone.
How do you record your screen?
can be formed into a frame for picture with effort
Peel 1/4 butternut squash and slice 1/2 inch thick; toss with olive oil, salt and pepper. Roast at 425 degrees F until tender and browned, 35 minutes. Mix 2 tablespoons mayonnaise with 1 tablespoon miso paste; spread on 4 slices multigrain bread. Sandwich baby kale, the roasted squash and thinly sliced firm pears and red onion between the bread slices.
mattress topper
Drip the wax mixture into a silicone mold of any figure. Let the wax set until firm or dry. Pop the soap out of the mold.
Take your hands and press the rub until the entire surface is covered
breath warm, dry air onto a pile of wet leaves.
How do you lightly sand any carved surfaces?
Go outside and listen to the birds sing. Pick out one tune you would like to identify. Try to see the bird making the noise. Learn to make the song or whistle. Keep practicing, then ask an expert what bird it is.
using a spatula, once the pancake is bubbling up from the bottom, slide under the pancake and flip it over to the other side.
take medicine for a common cold which should be written on the box of whatever medicine you choose. other than that, rest up.
To make your house smell fresh when you've run out of cleaning supplies.
Unwrinkle clothing
leave however much cash you'd like on the table you were sitting at.
Fill the sink with water and a small amount of vinegar. put the fruit in that water and scrub it with a veggie brush.
drink 3 oz of water for every 1 pound of body weight you have every day.
How to Prevent Heat Exhaustion
To make crepe batter the right consistency.
swallow and then chew
put a chunk of butter in the bowl and set on grill to melt
How do you eat yogurt?
Prevent frozen car door.
Use a food dehydrator
How can I get oil stains out of my driveway?
Cut a soda bottle in half, mount and pull bags through bottle opening.
Lay the damp sweater completely flat on a drying rack or table. Smooth out any wrinkles by pressing your fists down onto the sweater and moving your fists from side to side until the wrinkles are gone.
Secure food thermometer to pot.
go on a tube.
- wooden bar (80cm X 3cm X 1cm)    - copper wire    - 20 leds    - a semi-reflective  mirror    - an ordinary mirror (the same size of the semi trasparent one)    - a DC transformer (3V or the same voltage needed by the leds)    - glue        - saw    - soldering gun
will trace out cookies nicely
Sprinkle salt to see how dark they burn.
scrub the dishes and then halfway through, add soap.
add 2 tbs to a small bowl and place in the freezer  for 20 seconds
Put the cards in a clear penny sleeve and then again into a larger playing sleeve to keep their condition.
television
Mix vegetable oil and baking soda to form a paste.Use the paste on a toothbrush to clean and shine cabinet doors.Wipe with a wet cloth to remove any residue without taking off the shine.
dry your hair with an old t-shirt
Drink grape wine.
Put trash in one bucket, put second bucket inside first and crush with feet.
Add extra storage for kitchen tools.
Use half slice of potato to clean bathroom tiles, then rinse.
tie
Evenly spread sauces.
How do I make raspberry bark harden after I've put together all the ingredients?
how to make amatriciana
a neutral oil, such as canola or peanut oil.
Put the leftovers in the car trunk, but add a little water to rehydrate it a bit.
how do you dangle something?
Apply a different color of nail polish to each key and attach them all together
can be attached to a  rubber glove to conduct eleticity
Spray cologne and wipe with cloth.
Place 1/4 cup blackberry leaves,  1/4 cup sugar in unbaked tart shell, bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check  and remove when shell brown.
Cut through the paper into the gypsum core with a utility knife then while supporting the drywall sheet on the back apply pressure to the face causing it to break along the joint. Then cut through the paper on the back of the drywall sheet with your utility knife.
forged by hammer 
microwave
Insert the car's key into the keyhole on the driver's side door and turn to the right.
take a handful of flour and drop it in the inside of a banneton, in a pile at the base of it.
To get toast out of a toaster,
can be used to freeze liquids
Dampen your sponges with water and then place them in your microwave oven for 90 seconds on full power.
with a butcher knife, straight across, and with chopping motions
To melt glycerin block so you can pour it into soap molds.
how do you get rid of weeds in a yard?
The best way to clean keyboard keys is to start by shaking things up – namely by shaking your laptop. Simply turn off your laptop, unplug it from the charger, and turn it upside-down with the screen open and the keyboard facing downward. Gently shake it over a trash can to empty out loose debris from your keyboard. Then, throw it in the trash.
place layers of soot and sand on top of your home.
How do you break the end off the marker?
Wet beans and apply around mouth.
Add apple juice, Sprite, and ice to an ice cream maker for 15 minutes,
To find a use for those pumpkins after Halloween is over.
how do you get releasd from jail on parole?
cut up a banana and put the banana slices on the sandwich to make it a PB and banana sandwich.
wipe the window off with a rag, then spray window cleaner onto the glass.
how to take a nap?
Loose frosting can be fixed by adding extra powdered sugar. If your frosting is too thick to spread, slowly stir in a spoonful of soap, one at a time, until it reaches the right consistency.
Peel and dice potatoes then microwave for several minutes.
To prepare the ground beef for the shepards pie
just carry your infant through security and if anybody asks say you will be carrying them in your arms.
click on 'set goal' and type it in.
put the tortilla inside of a pot full of boiling water for a few minutes.
Add sugar and stir into a basic ginger beer then bottle for a few days or so until the drink is ready
Rinse the glass under boiling water to remove any remaining etching cream. Then, peel the contact paper from the surface of the glass.
how do you use foundation?
Pour honey, then rinse and dry.
stick the handle end of a paint brush into the paint bucket, the smoothly apply it to the beam.
can be advertised on screws 
how to sear effectively
Store wrap at room temperature.
Put them on a window sill or into the fridge very briefly.
Do not heat the actual solder, but the pipe itself
How do I keep the glitter from making a mess?
Place cookie trays on car trunk.
Find a sharp butter knife. Start shaving off the bark. Carve designs in the wood with your knife.
What must be done before the first step?
Combine 1 stick of cinnamon, 1 cup of salt, and 1 cup of water, and bring to boil. Lower heat and simmer  for 10 minutes
give them a pool noodle for swimming with.
Glue the bottom of mason jars under kitchen cabinets, twist jar off for access to contents.
Find an enclosure that is big enough for the mouse and then get substrate for the floors and food and water.
unscrews  soup lid quickly
how to acquire an mturk task?
Open an oyster shell
On the bottom of the skirt, fold less than an inch backwards and secure with pins. Sew on the hem of the skirt until the whole hem is secure.
Tip the concrete container so that the the concrete flows out of the container and into the mold. Keep on pouring until the mold is full.
Use sugar to sweeten the chocolate and use a mix of milk and dark chocolate
tap on the message preview.
how do you cover something?
can grab water 
Use a broom to sweep away snow on car.
flower
microscope
how do you eat a carrot with ranch?
For ballpoint pen ink. Place a paper towel under the stain and sponge it with nail polish remover. Use an eyedropper to apply alcohol directly onto the stain or, for a larger spot, pour the alcohol into a small dish, immerse the stained area and soak for 15 minutes. The ink should begin to dissolve almost immediately.
Fill a pan halfway with eggs. Add a Tablespoon of water. Add water to cover the bottom, making sure that the eggs are not covered with water. Heat to boiling and let boil for ten minutes. Let cool in the water. Peel and enjoy.
do stretches and then warm-ups after your done.
rename it, it's a mistake
Wrap a sweatshirt around the seat snugly and hold it there with a rubber band.
To fix the dowel on the rubber band gun,
Pick the right concealer. With this tip, you need a concealer that matches your skin tone exactly. ...    Use a concealer brush. Dab the concealer on the brush. ...    Rub it in. Use your elbow to rub the concealer in. ...    Apply foundation. ...    Use powder.
To cook bacon to crumble for a recipe.
To attach a Vodka bottle to LED light base.
put a mirror in front of it.
In a three section dish, fill one with yogurt, one with granola and one with chopped cabbage. Make enough for the week and refrigerate. Grab for breakfast and skip the yogurt
floss
sprinkle grated cheese on the pizza, then your sliced toppings, and then sprinkle more grated cheese on top.
Take some stain remover and spray your red shirt with it before you put them in the laundry.
can be stored in a colander 
Using a sheer curtain is good for making a silk screen pattern.
Soak the beans overnight in plain water before cooking.
To get the edges of pie crust to stick together.
In order to make cheap tentacles for a costume,
Turn on the headphones and the device you want to sync with, and select the headphones in the bluetooth menu of the device. Make sure other bluetooth devices are off.
can cover a skyscraper 
how to identify mushrooms you can eat
Take something round such as a plate and place it on bunched up fabric, then cut around the edges with scissors.
Use a calculator
Scoop into a plastic sandcastle bucket, separate into portions with your fingertip, and then freeze flat. Break off a chunk the next time you need a little for a recipe
What should I do before removing the combustion chamber door of my furnace.
Make fabric cup coaster.
Grab the top and gather all of the stocking into one ring and gently begin rolling it up your foot and leg with your fingertips.
Find a wide rubber band, wrap it around the lid of the jar.  The band allows you to apply more force to the lid. Twist the lid off.
purchase a taco kit from the store; cook the chicken on the stove; add the seasoning packet; after the chicken is cooked place it in the taco shells.
How to keep coffee fresher longer
tape
One wants to make sweet cookies to consume.
Make SOS flag.
can be used as a  cake decoration  
Use a neti pot filled with room-temperature water and a packet of saline solution mix to clear some allergens from your nose and sinuses..
To get a template to stick to wood, you can
Nail polish makes a great wax for your wooden furniture, and will keep it looking rich and vibrant. You can also use shoe polish to cover up nicks and scuffs on wooden furniture!
You need potato, cabbage, onion, green chili powder,  red chili powder,  white pepper, black pepper turmeric, salt oil, and mustard seed.
Pour hot wax into a rubber glove.
can poke through foil easily
After your garlic Aioli has reached the desired consistency, try it, so you can subtract more garlic, mustard, lemon or salt and pepper to suit your personal tastes.
How can I use toothpaste to clean my shoes?
take it out and wash it, then rub it clean of any scuffs and try using it again.
How do you get ejected in basketball?
Remove dust from car crevices.
how to fix split ends
To make a Jack-O-Lantern appear more spooky,
place them in color order.
knife
Crack eggs on a half leg-of-lamb on the counter
Hardwood Strips (We used walnut, sapele, and maple)        School Glue (Preferably water-resistant for outdoor use)        Black Face Paint        Polyurethane (Spray Can)        Spray Adhesive
How to trim white margin from map printout.
back the files up to an external hard drive where the originals are not already stored.
Use a potato masher
Use a cheese grater on the carrot to get thin strips
plug them into the headphone port.
skillet
Use an angle grinder with a polishing disc and wear eye protection.
Velcro remote next to front door.
can build comfortable underwear to wear.
Place dirty laundry in the garbage can to cover bad smells.
Place all three ingredients in a food processor until combined
remove paint from concrete
Cut a piece of egg carton to store jewelry.
soap
place the pattern on top of the cardboard and draw around it with eyeliner.
What is the best type of oil to use to make Churros?
drink one alcoholic beverage per day.
Wash the vegetables you wish to add to your diet. Spinach and kale make great bases, and you can add many other vegetables, according to taste. Place diced veggies into the blender and puree until drinkable, adding water or yogurt as needed for thinning.
can store water 
how do you clean nail polish off of your nails?
How to make candy cane, chocolate, popcorn crunch at home
Make anti theft lunch bags that can prevent your lunch from being stolen or tasted.
Cut all the needed pieces until you run out of wood.
Screw two pieces of plywood that are larger than the size of a magazine to a four inch bottom piece. glue fabric to the open sides and set this next to the chair and fill with magazines.
How can you prevent sparks inside the tank when cutting an old propane tank?
Each sale is different, but often, buyers get cold feet because of fear of being ripped off. Be inquisitive and find out what they are afraid of, exactly, then you can address that specifically. Successfully addressing a buyer's fear depends on paying close attention to the prospective buyer's viewpoint, and once you understand where they are coming from, in most cases you can alleviate their fears successfully. For instance, they are afraid this cleaning solution will make them sweat. You show them a video of how to use the product and they see the results don't make anyone sweat. Their fear is gone and you've likely got the sale.
Look for a zucchini that is rich in color and fairly firm.
Spread cold or hard butter easily.
To thread a needle,
How do I brown the butter ?
How to Make Balloon Rocket Cars
How can i make my own southwest seasoning?
To bolt the plant saucer and the bucket together.
Install several power switches to the light.
can hold down a  vegetable if it's large
Large files are relatively fine. They leave a finer finish, but remove less stock. Conversely, smaller files are rougher.
Get a couple scrabble tiles and drill a hole in the top. Add a wire and bend into a circle. Add to ear wires.
Make any kind of social media account and post on there
Use a lever to make sure the wooden bench is completely even
Go to your nearest Lowes and that's the best option
One should mount it to their wall.
Where should I knead my bread when making focaccia bread.
Find the controls for the fan and pull the button that corresponds to the setting you wish to use.
Draw a line parallel to the top of the last step notch, and perpendicular to the side of it (where the bottom riser will eventually go). Cut this away to make the bottom of the stringer flush with the ground. Now test the stringer by setting it in place. Cut the top and bottom of the stringer to fit, then test-fit it before cutting it out. Make sure the height is accurate. Both top and bottom points should be flush before fastening.
Cut a rectangle out of the fabric using fabric shears.
focus on that one thing and nothing else at all.
How to glue in pairs for your birdhouse?
squeeze equal amounts of the original color and a lighter color onto a palette, and mix them with a palette knife blade, adding more of either color to adjust the shade.
You can go to your nearest garden and let it play with others
hoe
can absorb pet urine well.
To add hair to a wool dog coat to make it warmer.
How to shape melted aluminium?
Cook 4 chopped thick-cut bacon slices in a Dutch oven over medium heat until crisp. Add 1 chopped onion, 2 chopped celery stalks and 4 chopped garlic cloves and cook until tender, 8 minutes. Add one 16-ounce bag frozen black-eyed peas and 1 cup water. Cover and simmer until tender, 12 minutes. Stir in 3 cups cooked white rice and 1/4 cup parsley and cook, tossing, until warmed through. Serve with hot sauce.
Jot down some ideas for your book and then work from there.
To extract a splinter
How to remove odor from a shaker bottle?
blender
Switch to your high beams to get a large light.
First sand the wood with your hand, wipe wood down with wet cloth and apply varnish or sealer.
How can I attach weatherproof plastic over a screen?
Put a bungee cord around them to keep them still
Use a sharp knife to draw gently on a banana peel. Messages and designs work well. Be sure to puncture the skin,not just scrape the outer skin. The marks will brown and show the design
What are the ingredients for Garlic Roasted Chicken and Potatoes?
Nail cut outs to the side of the boxes.
wash it out after 20 minutes
cover the markings with a darker pen.
2 oz silver tequila    - 1 oz Cointreau     - 1 oz lime juice    - Salt for the rim        Since this recipe includes fresh juice, it should be shaken. Serve over ice in a glass with a salted rim.
How can I keep dough from getting hard to roll out and fold between rolling?
Grab a couple of dryer sheets, and tape them to the front of a stove.
When storing tomatoes in your kitchen, place them stem side down to reduce the amount of air entering the tomato. They will stay fresh longer.
Place any sized balls that fit inside into the box. Close the box and secure with tape on openings.
How do you collect snowflakes?
How to make a tinder bundle.
Choose background music carefully.
find the one you want, and click on the thumbnail
Lay the ball up by hitting the side of the backboard opposite of where you jumped from.
After your garlic Aioli has reached the desired consistency, try it, so you can add more garlic, mustard, lemon or salt and pepper to suit your personal tastes.
can be worn on a  head  during surgery.
allow the glue to dry, and gently pick off it is visible after curing. Depending on the surface, you could even use a bit of sandpaper to remove dried glue stick, just be gentle.
seal it off with blankets.
how do you navigate a car?
Take a look at the cars in the employee parking lot, this will be a reflection of the salary levels.
can be used  to cook upon
Watching a video guide
can move  pallet along a wall
can be knitted with coat hanger used as needles
What is the best way to paint a door
how to preheat an air fryer
Use olive oil
everyone hides while one person counts. when the person is done counting, they go around looking for people who are hiding. whoever is found first, counts next.
do not purchase cheap items that don't have a long life.
Buy a basket and paint a bunny and some eggs onto it. Spray it with finishing spray and allow to dry. Enjoy the basket by filling it with easter items.
Add extra space to your closet space by adding a soda can to your clothes hanger to help secure another hanger
take the bag back to the store
can be picked up by a mop 
How to Recover From a Back Injury
When I put the sauce on the chicken wings ?
Puree 256 cups fresh basil, 1/4 cup toasted pine nuts and 1 garlic clove in a food processor until smooth. With the motor running, drizzle in 1/3 cup olive oil. Pulse in 1/2 cup grated Parmesan. Toss with cooked spaghetti, adding up to 1/2 cup pasta water. Season with salt and pepper.
To make it easier for someone to identify your house,
peels gum 
To sift flour and salt together evenly for cinnamon bread
To score a run in a baseball game,
Mix at the beginning so the flavors mingle while you do the rest of the cooking.
how would I make green paint
You can use a pencil to punch holes into leather.
Place a soda can on first hanger neck.
get down on your knees.
Find a pretty cardboardcontainer that you have around the house and fill with soil. Purchase a succulent and add.
pour the ice cream out of it, and chew on it.
Use heavy weight pucks and sticks.
Place a large fan in the area of the computer box, close the case and let the air cool it down
If you need a fire and can't find kindling
make fries
Mix peanut butter and seed in equal proportions.  Smear the mixture on a pine cone.  Hang the pine cone from a tree branch using twine.
A small pair of tweezers will work nicely.
Tell a dog to lie down and push it toward the ground. When it does lie down, give it a treat. Do this one time.
Watching a sad movie increases comfort levels.
how do you fold a burrito?
To clean the surface of a desk, use a rag soaked in all-pupose cleaner and fan the desk top. Allow to air dry.
Take a knife and attach it to the can before turning the knob to cut the lid of the can.
How many acres is one hectare?
can be turned into handle for plastic bag 
One seeks to stock their travel kit.
Make sure to drink as little as water as possible
How to attach string for transport onto chair.
How do I find a workout video to watch
how to add calcium to your plants
apply beeswax inside of the shoes
Find the center of the room and place two tables or flat tops against each other, side by side, so they meet to form a square shape in the middle, then secure the tops
When is the best time to aerate your lawn?
are used for  scale 
Run the cheese through a grater to get shredded cheese
Prevent lost TV remote.
To attach shower liner to a plastic rod, you can
What can I plant in my garden to repel pests?
Transport cannabis clones.
how to wash rice
Eat mangoes before smoking marijuana, it will heighten the effects of it.
Put dish soap onto a sponge, get it wet, and squeeze it with your hands until the soap foams. Use the sponge to wipe and scrub the dish on top and then rinse quickly with water and dry.
Make a headboard for a Queen sized bed.
Wrap the wire around a nail.
To protect your lungs when working with insulation, you can
You can use starfish, seashells or rocks.
Add frosting to empty cereal box and cut off one corner.
roll it up in a kitchen towel while still warm.
hat
can hide a straw 
Assemble it and hold it together with measuring tape
Make sure you use 225 ml of cold water in order to activate the yeast.
How do I remove excess slurry when making a concrete countertop?
Prevent stickshift from burning hands.
You can also bathe your dog in a walk-in shower or a regular bathtub. You can do the bath outside using a spray bottle as long as it's warm enough that your pup doesn't catch a chill.
q-tip
Saute onions in a pan
Heat the plastic with a small flame and once hot, press the two parts together and hold them in place, one you remove them they should hold together again
Rub toothpaste on the marker stain, let sit 20 min., dab it off until gone, rinse with hot water.
Run the flour through a grinder
On cool cupcakes, use a toothbrush to spread the canned icing on the top of the cupcakes. add candies if desired
You will be using the techniques of both permaculture and also hydroponics.
post hole digger
keep it clean.
draw on eyes with black sharpie or marker
Take tracings of the wiring.
To tighten nuts on a homemade wooden shoe rack
binder clip
crush nuts if it does have teeth
Using a pot, heat up the alcohol to boiling point, and collect the condensation into a separate container. Clean the pot of any impurities, and place the purified alcohol back into its original container or bottle using a funnel.
Take a bowl and fill it with water, then place it on the freezer for 4 hours
It can be stored in a plastic box for a week
Use a ruler to trace a circle on the cardboard
hit them hard on the eye area.
can wrap around a  fire 
Using a utility knife, shave off the wood off the pencil until the lead is uncovered.
Locate the stinger first. It should be about the size of the tip of a pen. Firmly grasp it between your thumb and forefinger and then pull upwards to remove it. Be careful to squeeze it, because it will release more venom into your body if you don't.
Make portable cooking pot.
To safely mail trading cards.
hang a bird feeder, fill it with seed birds like to eat.
Use rubber spatula to spread frosting evenly onto the cake.
Using a ruler and a pencil, draw pencil along the ruler to draw a vertical divide.
150 g dark chocolate (chopped), 1/4 cup refined mustard oil, Chopped almonds and Desiccated coconut.
Make a t-shirt from a hoody?
wrap the rib rack in aluminum foil and place it on a pan inside the oven set at 345 for one hour.
how do you use poppers?
Put the leather strap in warm water for one hour and pull tightly by wrap it tightly around around a 8 inch log.
To make crunchy taco shells
Trace the lines for the paper with a pen and freehand and slice carefully with a knife
To dry pieces of wood that have been glued together,
can be used as a  trampoline 
Fill a large bowl with 3 cups of baking soda and add half a cup of hair clippings and mix until it is blended and then play away!
telescope
Add all the ingredients to a deep pan, then bake it.
Hollow out part of a long novel so that there is a stash spot inside of it.
You will need plaster gauze strips and hot glue
Take food from the front of the grocery shelf.  Freshest items are stocked near the rear, older items are pushed to the back end.
can balance on a lap when the person is standing
Use a back of the hammer to pry up the board. Once the nail is reachable with the crowbar, pull it out. Repeat until all the nails and wood boards are removed.
how do you smile?
Store the tools in a safe and use a dehumidifier to absorb moisture.
are good for keeping nails trimmed when cut short overall
Use your ink pen and either draw a selfie of yourself as you lock and turn off, or take a rendering of you forgetting it.  If your mind stresses you just review it.
place it at the bottom of the bed.
Use essential oils like peppermint to ward flies away from the area.
Place the ramekins filled with cream batter into a baking dish.Fill the garlic press with boiling water halfway up the sides of the dishes, then bake.
How to make a trash bag a rectangle?
Observe the berries daily. If they turn red on time, they are infested with cranberry fruitworm. Remove the infested berries from the cranberry plant and dispose of them.
How do you store birch bark after it has been removed from a birch tree?
2-layer-size package dark chocolate fudge cake mix    2 10 - ounce jars black cherry spreadable fruit or preserves    2 tablespoons kirsch, brandy or cherry juice    Sweetened whipped cream    Chocolate curls    directions    Grease a 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Prepare cake mix according to package directions. Cool thoroughly on a wire rack.    To serve, in a small bowl, stir together spreadable fruit and the kirsch. Cut cake into squares. Top with whipped cream and spreadable fruit mixture. Garnish with chocolate curls. Serve immediately or chill for no more than 1 hour.
how do you cook bacon?
How can I protect my dogs feet from the ice and snow?
Use ketchup.
To protect yourself from mosquito bites,
To print out a page of stickers.
bring it in close to you
can be used to carry a pot 
You can use either three inch high heels or screws to bind two pallets together.
pour starter fluid on it, flick a lighter or strike a match, and apply fire where you poured to the starter fluid.
What do you need to wash the outside of a car?
wrapper
How do I staple pieces of paper together?
how to find perimeter of a rectangle
how do I make chocolate pasta?
cleans a person 
always buy trial sizes from a warehouse like Costco or Sam's Club.
Place the unwashed berries in a glass jar and place the jar in the coolest part of the refrigerator.
To walk easily through thick snow,
The ideal curing conditions are in a humid, shaded area between 70 and 90 degrees fahrenheit.
Remove some of the soup mixture and add equal parts water or stock to that mixture, let it mix and then pour it back into the soup on a low temperature
Use a toothpick to roll the dough
To make a music stave bracelet,
can be used to scoop up a  spoon successfully.
Scrape the batter into the prepared loaf pan and smooth the top with the back of a spoon.
Rub the eraser of a pencil on the teeth.
swallow it whole.
How to place floater in rapeseed oil solution in mason jar.
Use food to lure the mouse then place a mechanism with a net attatched to it.  When the mouse grabs the food the net will cover the mouse trapping it under the net.
Use electrical tape to reinforce them
look at a certain part of the area.
Use your tooth brush as a way to quickly remove the steam from your mirror, and save a few seconds in your morning routine.
How do you get rid of hiccups?
fill the bottle with dog food, and then place it downward on the feeder.
add the baking soda and simmer in the saucepan until thickened
nourishes most people 
What can I store brownies I bought at the store in?
To measure the width and length of a piece of wood, you can
How to paint a door.
Start at one end of the cable and with your crochet hook in front of the yarn wrap the yarn over it and draw the yarn with the hook to create a loop or a chain stitch. Tie the yarn to the cable and go to the other end of the cable and wrap the yarn around it. Cut the yarn and tie it off.
press down on the message preview.
Rub an unscented, dye-free dryer sheet on your head
use another car connected to it to start it.
use a knife and ruler, so you can get the curve right.
burn paper
If you left home and forgot to brush your teeth or you ran out of toothpaste, chewing an apple with it's skin on can help with bad breath.
One large sized windshield cover shade    Fabric tape to cover edges 2-3 rolls    Knife or scissors    Marker
Draw leaf onto paper with pencil and cut out with scissors. Place onto felt and carefully cut around the stencil with scissors.
turn the burner down low and hit the steak with a heat gun.
can puncture  balloon when hit with slippers
Locate both pieces of a ring, and use a simple adhesive to put the pieces back together. Apply constant pressure to make sure the ring pieces stick, and let it dry completely.
yes most of them are open 20 hours
Pop off those burner parts, put them in a large sandwich bag with a quarter-cup of ammonia—and simply close up the duffle bag. Leave them to soak overnight, and by morning, you can simply wipe off that gunk with ease.
Smores can be made with homemade marshmallows that have been placed onto a square of a chocolate bar that has been heated over a campfire, and is sitting on top of a graham cracker. top with another graham cracker and enjoy!
DIY seed starters
Chew on a piece of bread.
What can you do if you are baking cookies and don't have an egg?
To make pancakes easier to flip on a griddle.
Stuff boots with paper towels.
2 cups split green peas    1/2 teaspoon celery seed    1 tablespoons dried chopped onions    1 tablespoon dried minced garlic    1 bay leaf    1 chicken carcass
Open the can of stain and shake it to mix,
Cut the pineapple into chunks.
Pull the drawer out completely, then carefully reinsert it on the tracks.
how to get rid of foam when cooking jam
how do you rinse your mouth?
3 slices bacon finely diced    4 tablespoons pizza sauce    2  pita breads    1/2 cup mozzarella cheese grated    Instructions    Preheat the grill in your oven to 180°C.    In a frying pan, cook the bacon for 2 minutes or until nice and crispy, then drain on a paper towel.    Spread the pizza sauce on the pita bread, sprinkle with the bacon, and top with the mozzarella.    Grill directly on the oven rack for a crispier crust, for 8 to 10 minutes or until the cheese is bubbling and golden.
every one hides all at once.
Place the dirt in a dish cloth in the soda bottle.
make a scarecrow out of straw and a post and clothing.
Use a pair of scissors to cut the lines before you measure them
Put the end of a nylon over the vacuum hose and run along the floor.
spread it out.
How To Make Cheesy Ground Beef Bell Peppers
Hover the mouse pointer over the email you wish to snooze. Click the button on the far right that looks like a clock.
Apply the nose with spirit-gum/pros-aid.When the nose is completely glued on, begin adding layers of latex over the edges to help conceal them. When you are satisfied, cover the nose in Castor Sealer, powder, apply creme makeup and powder again. Begin coating your eyebrows with super glue. Starting far back on your face/neck, apply spirit-gum/pros-aid to a small section of skin. Let the adhesive get tacky, then apply a small section of hair to your face. Do this all along your jaw line, then go back and do a row of hair above the first one. Do this again. You should have a nice layered beard! After all three of those steps are completed, add the moustache, using even smaller amounts of hair applied above your lip. Create eyebrows in the same way (working from the outside of your eyebrow and going inward). All that's left is the old-age makeup.
Mix a 1:1 solution of laundry detergent and water in a strainer, and allow your drill bits to soak for about 10 minutes. Remove from water , dry completely with a rag.
Homemade peanut butter cookies.
Giving your lawn a deep watering once a week encourages strong portfolio growth that will help grass withstand summer droughts.
hang lengths of yarn across the room and criss cross them over each other.
How to Make a Magnet Trampoline
You can protect your eyes while using woodworking tools by wearing safety glasses.
How would I make the Italian dressing that I would use as seasoning on green bean bundles?
Cook for about two hours or until it looks done
how do you talk to someone on a phone call?
Paint an old window shutter what ever color you would like. Then drill it into the wall with the outer edge of the slates pointing up.
take the chicken, and rub with salt and pepper, let stand for 3 hours.
Make a folder and pencil holder.
Stuff shoes with old plastic bags.
Hit a baseball with a baseball bat.
lay a thin pillow on top of it, then sit down.
bobby pin
rub it against something.
The princess with marry a prince
how do you know what page you're on in a book
Easy enough, as long as your hoody is zipper free.  Just cut away the arms at the sleeve holes, Trim the neckline to the desired length, and you will have a t-shirt in 5 minutes.
open spotify and click on a playlist. click on the shuffle button at the top of the page.
have guests take off their shoes before entering your home.
Wipe down with napkins.
place the wooden knitting needles in a pencil sharpener and sharpen them smooth with sand paper
can crush a pipe pipe 
Apply a cold pack or bag of thawed vegetables to the side of your face and    taking an anti-inflammatory medication, such as ibuprofen.
Mix 300 tablespoons mayonnaise with 2 chopped anchovies, 1 grated garlic clove, 2 teaspoons dijon mustard and the juice of 1/2 lemon; brush on grilled ears of corn. Sprinkle with grated parmesan and toasted panko breadcrumbs.
Use painters tape.
coin
What supplies are needed to make a recycled light bulb Christmas tree?
How to easily capture the shape of a human eye on a drawing?
can adhere a  chop sticks on top
To make homemade soda from syrup and carbonated water.
To cut a steel tube down to length, you can
Make use of adhesive glues to sew the pieces of fabrics together.
To juice a lime.
how do you propose to someone traditionally?
place container of coconut oil in the microwave and microwave for ten seconds.
safety pin
Put a bottle opener on the bottle top and push it up.
To fold a towel in a decorative way
You can buy snacks at a shoe shop
wrap the rabbit in a large towel.
Wet a sponge with water and soap. Clean stove top with the sponge and leave wet for a few minutes then clean with a dry cloth.
how to make green eggs and ham
Dribble a small amount of green colored mold inside the bag to make it appear as if there is mold growing on your sandwich, people will be so grossed out they won't bother your food.
Set the roll on your bacon strip so you have enough lip to wrap the bacon to the top of each side of the roll. Now fold the long end of your bacon strip sideways and wrap it tightly around your meat roll. Make sure it is nice and tight, keeping you burger meat solid. once again, If your do not, the bacon might unroll during cooking and weaken your burger until the insides melt out and fall apart.
Create a simple fruit fly trap using apple cider vinegar and dish soap.or Mash up rotten fruits in a jar and cover the top with a plastic wrap ensuring there are no holes.
With tape
How do you keep homemade bread from drying out?
can move glass around
Maple syrup
Create hamster tunnels.
Place the ramekins filled with cream batter into a baking dish. Fill the baking dish with boiling water halfway up the sides of the dishes, then bake.
Write it on a notepad.
Place plastic straw on liquid and blow into other end to create vacuum effect.
turn them into things like vases, pencil holders, or change holders.  Use decorative paints or tapes to make them pretty.
How do you replace a frame full of honey with a new, empty frame in your bee box?
How do I clean the shoelaces from my shoes once they are removed from my shoe?
Avoid eating white chocolate.
First, make sure your starting with a clean and smooth surface. Cut the fabric to one inch larger on all sides to ensure proper fitting. Lay the fabric down on the floor as you want it to be. Spray the fabric with a spray can adhesive and wait for it to dry to the floor.
penny
To roll a cylinder out of a piece of paper, you can
spray the keys with water and soap and let it soak for several hours afterwards.
Keep cake frosting standing.
Coat the cup with melted butter after cooking.
Put batter in a ketchup bottle.
To prevent a cake from sticking to a pan, you can
could break through a glass and make it useless.
How to cut out circle from paper.
How can you cook a large amount of hot dogs?
How can you conserve your phone battery and make a low battery last longer?
Holds my food. spoon Stabs my food.
Fixed warped flooring.
look at it.
Brown 8 ounces ground beef and 1 chopped onion in butter in a saucepan over medium-high heat; remove and wipe out the pan. Add 2 tablespoons butter and 1 cup broken vermicelli; toast until golden, 4 minutes. Add 3 cups water, and six cups ginger ale, 2 cups converted rice, the beef and 1/2 teaspoon each ground allspice, cinnamon and kosher salt. Bring to a simmer. Cover; cook over low heat until the rice is tender, 17 minutes. Stir in 1/2 cup each chopped parsley and toasted pine nuts.
How to mark all emails as read on gmail
One wishes to light up their bike ride.
visit local venues often and watch the performances of the bands there.
breaks metal 
how do you blaze through a street?
toss the beans into a blender and blend them on the pulse setting.
You can use a table and entertainment center and put them together for a sewing station.
Mash up 1/2 a banana leaf for every egg you need.  It will substitute for it.
how do you lift weights?
Place a pressing cloth over the cloudy, white spot you want to remove from the wooden furniture. Iron in a circular motion with a dry, hot iron for 5 seconds. Using a paper towel apply a small amount of oilve oil to the white, cloudy spot just dug. Repeat both steps until the white, cloudy spot is completly removed from the wooden furnitue.
Whisk 1/4 cup each buttermilk and sour cream,2 ounces toasted cumin, 1/2 cup crumbled blue cheese, the juice of 1/2 lemon, and salt and hot sauce to taste.
Test strength of seeds.
can be a bowl at a table
To carve a bone into a naalbinding needle shape.
make sure the pool water is deep enough to dive safely, then jump head first into the water.
can melt a grater 
Spray the window using large, back and forth motions to cover the surface evenly. Hold the frosting can at least 12 inches from the window's surface to avoid splotches and runs.
Enjoy your backyard wasp free
layer more than one cardboard pieces and glue them one by one
how to make chocolate balls?
Focus on rotating your hips and swinging harder at the ball on the follow through
What is the best material to be used for a hammock?
Where can I see sharks
Calculate the area of the base (which is a circle) by using the equation πr² where r is the radius of the circle. Then, multiply the area of the base by the height of the cylinder to find the volume.
Get a piece of rice paper and lay it over the image you want to put on a piece of wood for carving. Draw the outline of the image with a pencil. Next place the rice paper with the drawing face up on the wood and trace over it with a pencil again so that it ends up transferring the design to the wood.
can get caught on finger when you walk out of the bathroom
How can I prevent pulling a muscle while running?
Give Barbie doll hair dye.
how do I make an envelope?
How do you fill a pie crust with gelatin?
how do you set a song on repeat on spotify?
Make a rustic shower head.
You need a square piece of thick paper of preferable size.
Bake your cupcakes and let them cool completely. ...    Insert a decorating tip into a piping bag. ...    Fill the bag with 1 to 2 tablespoons of your desired filling. ...    Insert the tip into the top of the cupcake. ...    Squeeze the filling into the cupcake. ...    Frost and decorate the cupcake as desired
can hold liquid easily.
Run through dryer.
You can put the warm (warm, not hot - caution) onto your eyes and the circles underneath. You can do the same with loose tea. Just put some cotton into the tea and lay that onto your eyes and circles. Let it take effect for about 20 minutes.
screw it onto your water hose and turn the water on.
blow up an atom 
Run the bottle under hot water. The heat from the water and from your hands will help to thin the polish back to its original consistency. Avoid shaking the bottle vigorously as this can cause tiny air bubbles in your polish.
Any pot will be heavy when filled with soil, and even heavier after being watered. To reduce weight, fill the bottom third with Styrofoam or large pieces of plastic like a water jug full of water . Note that this applies only to pots with annuals or plants that don’t have long, extensive roots.
place one layer of dough carefully on  plastic wrap. Cover it with the raspberry jam, add another  layer of the cookie topped with jam, ending with the top layer
Rub the edges with  sandpaper.
sleep on top of it.
Use a strong moisturizing cream every other week and after showering.
Store large mop and broom tools.
lock the text.
Sprinkle baking soda for 10 minutes before vacuuming.
where is the Scorpius constellation located
use a first in, first out strategy to rotate your product and use the oldest items first.
How do you make a sign?
Crack an egg into a greased pan over medium heat. Allow the egg to cook for 2-3 minutes. Do not flip! Add salt and pepper to taste.
toaster
Use an old suitcase, insert a soft pillow and play toy,when the dog's inside seal the case.
Use a power washer and paper towel to remove the paint
ow do you give a dog a pill?
To simplify the wood carving process,
You can store your dried herbs in mason jars with tight lids.
Pick at a corner of the sticker with your fingernail and pull off.
crushing ice easily
How to dye yarn.
To keep food in refrigerator cold if the power goes out during a storm
Drill holes after inserting the screws that will hold the hinges in place
Place a tiny plate inside the baby's cage filled with milk and other essential vitamins.
Supernovas
remove that stuck-on gunk by pouring some warm water, a little baking soda, and a little dish soap in your blender and pulsing it for a few seconds. Afterward, give it a good rinse or pop it in the washer and then the dryer to get it looking like brand new once again.
leave it outside of your house.
To find the area of a triangle, multiply the base by the height, and then divide by 2. The division by 2 comes from the fact that a parallelogram can be divided into 2 triangles. For example, in the diagram to the left, the area of each triangle is equal to one-half the area of the parallelogram
Tie a piece of paper to each end of a slightly curved/bendable stick.
To add a sweet touch to a blended drink
How can I get the garage door to shut?
You need one colored bead, a chain, and a bottle of glue.
Place large circle sticker on top of car for children to stand by.
How to preserve a grape for long term?
run the razor blades along the side of a pair of jeans.
Use sander to smooth down furniture exterior.
gives dogs to children
How do I grind the concrete properly when making a concrete countertop>
mop
Thread the string through the hole in the apple.    Make an 'X' with the sticks and tie them to the string so the apple sits on top.    Make a pattern by pushing the seeds into the apple, then it's ready to hang up!
Camellia stem cuttings root well from semi-ripe cuttings. You need to take the cutting from a mature and tough plant. So, the best time to take a stem cutting from a camellia plant is in midsummer to fall when the plant has had time to grow and mature.
Cut avocado in half with knife, then remove pit with spoon.
Spray the stain with hairspray. Rub with a damp cloth and then wash as usual.
how do you indent a paragraph using a keyboard?
Begin by going to a place that is known for having gold and buy a sifter, go to the creek and begin sifting for your piece of gold.
The glue dries rather fast so you must be mindful and direct with your actions
Peel off outer leaves and stick leaves in water until roots form.
Use Scotch outdoor mounting tape
How can I keep my power cord from tripping me up?
You can let it sit in the freezer  for 30 minutes prior to eating
Place the book behind the books in the shelf.
3 cups powder sugar    1/3 cup butter, softened    1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla    1 to 2 tablespoons milk     In medium bowl, mix powdered sugar and butter with spoon or electric mixer on low speed. Stir in vanilla and 1 tablespoon of the milk.    Gradually beat in just enough remaining milk to make frosting smooth and spreadable. If frosting is too thick, beat in more milk, a few drops at a time.
Adhere two boards to themselves so they will not come apart.
Use a knife to cut EVA foam into the desired shape before painting with acrylic paint and finishing with a clear coat of varnish for protection.
What's a way to take my dog for a walk?
Punch large holes into the cap of a milk jug, fill jug, put on cap and sprinkle plants.
You can use a planing tool to polish copper tubing.
Usually this headache will feel much worse than any headache you have ever experienced.
Line up the two sections of a wooden plank widthwise. Screw in the brass hinge at the ends of each of the sections, attaching them at the hinge
Sprinkle coffee on garden beds.
roast a bunch of kale in a cast iron skillet, coated with bacon grease in the oven for an hour. When cool, chop into fine pieces.
1 16 1/2 - ounce roll refrigerated peanut butter cookie dough    3/4 cup rolled oats     12 cup candy-coated milk chocolate rabbits    1/2 cup semisweet chocolate pieces    1/2 cup chopped peanuts (optional)    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9x9x2-inch baking pan with foil, extending foil over edges of pan. Lightly grease foil; set aside. Break up cookie dough into a large bowl. Stir in oats until combined. Stir in milk chocolate pieces, semisweet chocolate pieces, and, if desired, nuts.    Pat mixture into prepared baking pan. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes or until light brown. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Use the foil to lift uncut bars out of pan. Cut into bars.
How do you store CDs?
Prepare Your Shoes. Using a dry cloth, gently wipe all dust and dirt off of the shoes. ...    Blot the Stains. Dampen a dirty rag with cold water. ...    Dry. Dry your satin heels immediately with a hand towel. ...    Deeper Cleaning. ...    Dab the Stains. ...    Remove the Soap Residue. ...    Dry the Satin Heels.
throw
roast a marshmallow over a campfire, then place it between two graham crackers with a piece of chocolate.
How to mark the specific line you are on when you stop reading a book?
Suck on an apple.
Spread peanut butter on a tomahawk steak. Top with thin strawberry slices. Drizzle with honey and top each with another saltine.
What do I do if filling gets stuck on the side of the blender when making pavlova cookies?
Buy a curtain rod and wedge to install in closet.
How do you pick a lock with a knife?
to Clean a Wooden Cutting Board with Lemon and Salt
Make a vanilla milkshake.
Whittle down the wood with a knife.
To stop the clock in a basketball game,
Mount picnic basket on wall.
push pin
If you  splash the sides with the sugar water  (if you do just wash the sides down with a pastry brush dipped in a little water).
Preheat your oven to 450 degrees. Place the wings skin side up on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper. Cook for about 20 minutes or the chicken is not pink in the middle.
Rectangular eraser, xacto knife, pencil, pen, push pin and foam
1 green apple    1 cup natural muesli or even just rolled oats    1/2 cup orange juice or juice of choice    1/2 cup coconut yoghurt    Instructions    Coarsely grate the apple.    In a bowl, place muesli, apple, juice and all but 1 tablespoon of yoghurt; mix to combine.    Cover and place in the fridge for 1 hour or overnight.    To serve, divide the mixture evenly across two bowls and top with a dollop of yoghurt and a slice of apple.
Leave the bottle cap on the bottle.  Use a nail the size of the hole you want to create.  Pound the nail through the cap and into the bottle with a hammer.  Remove the nail.
Grab the floater with your toes and carefully drop the floater into the mason jar.
Find the right foundation color.
Make a smaller 3D printed one first to make sure it works correctly.
How to make Ginger Candles at home.
This can be achieved by drawing hexagon pieces for each piece.
Smooth out pockets, hold pants upright and shake once or twice, then fold one leg over the other then fold in half or thirds.
Coat heels with vaseline after putting on shoes.
room temperature
Soak it in soap for 10 minutes and rinse it out with water until clean.
1/4 cup butter, 6 chicken leg quarters split into drumsticks and thighs, 6 large Yukon Gold potatoes cut into chunks, 24 cloves garlic unpeeled, salt and ground black pepper to taste, and 1/4 cup maple syrup
paper towel
What can I use to keep some documents attached together?
Where to buy Linux licenses?
The best tool to use is a spoon
can be be a fire starter shirt sleeve 
How do you make a cup of tea?
Get some duct tape in the pattern you like. Wrap this around the handle of your purse where it is wearing down.
using an ice cream scoop that has been in the freezer next to the ice cream, push the tip of the scoop into the ice cream, curling a scoop up into it.
visit a pet shop and check out the animals there.
how to make ranch dressing
Introduce him to the collar or harness and leash. ...    Teach a cue. ...    Make him come to you. ...    Practice inside. ...    Take it outside. ...    If he pulls: If your dog starts pulling in the other direction, turn yourself into “a tree.”
Turn on the seat warmers in the car.
In order to attach the clothespins to the plywood for a glove holder
To make fence posts that aren't permanent.
you finish with a salt lick
Once you've chosen the envelope for your letter, place it inside and lick the edge of the envelope to moisten the glue, then press it shut to seal the letter. Write the address and attach a stamp.
Don't open up the oven door while baking.
To fuse the chocolate dinosaur bones to the dinosaur bone cake
Place them in a pipette
keep finger warm
Hold the power button on the case until it shuts off.
To thicken a sauce while cooking it, you can
What should you use to break drywall?
place the open part of the balloon over the hole in the faucet. Hold tightly and slowly turn water on. Turn off water when balloon is full. Gently remove balloon from faucet and tie off. Repeat s needed
How to make ice cream without an ice cream maker.
smile 90 minutes and open your eyes.
washed the grease off the  pan surface
Add a spoonful of salt to the coffee.
Use Elmers Glue  to attach the elastic to the beard.
Suck them up into a particular type of vacuum.
slingshot
hits  a smoke 
Put phone in airplane mode right before sending text.
To encourage a baby in the womb to kick more,
One should consume cheese and egg whites.
Apply sugar around finger.
can repair holes in rags 
Make hooded bath towels for children
In a large bowl, add two cups of sourdough starter and two cups of Teff flour. Using your hands, incorporate the starter into the flour and knead well. Continue to knead until the dough forms into a ball, about 10 min. Then add 1/4 cup of luke warm water to the dough. Knead to incorporate the water. Add water and continue kneading until it becomes a dough.
2 kg pork leg, bone out remove outer layer of fat and discard    375g packet mixed dried fruit    1 cup bbq sauce    Instructions    Place the pork, trimmed of all excess fat, in a large slow cooker (approx. 6.5 litres).    Season with thyme, sea salt and cracked pepper.    Add in the dried fruit and the BBQ sauce*    Cover and cook on low for 8 hours.    Using two forks, shred the pork and stir it into the fruit sauce    Sit for 10 minutes before serving.
can coat  a pan with a layer of food
To make a toy light saber made from 1 inch poycarbonate tubing glow from the inside out.
Use a chopstick to score the lines
Using equal parts used coffee grounds and flour with a little water, create flower pots. Bake at 120 degrees C for 40 mins.
Cut your backing and cork to the size that you want. Cut your silk.Glue the cork to the backing and let it dry. Glue the silk onto the top of the cork and backing. Measure out your ribbon. Glue the ribbons in place. Glue a button wherever the ribbons cross. Glue a ribbon on the back to hang it up.
stand the nail with the sharp end pointed down and hammer it into the wood.
Dispose off left over paint.
To stop the clock in a basketball game,
How do you make Iced Coffee?
Prevent early frost on plants.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Mint Oreo cookie Pieces and 1 teaspoon peppermint extract.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm.
place the washer in the holes of the handle.
Use a wire across the bottom of the pan to suspend the earrings from to keep from touching the pan while baking the clay.
to sore your cleaning supplies
How to carefully water a plant?
can be poured through a hose 
Avocado
stick a sharp object through it.
paint on veins with different color
Make postcards waterproof.
Draw the ring shapes on the board and cut them using the band saw so that you have wooden rings.
Place the coin flat on your palm.  Move your palm upward fast.  Stop the upward motion of your hand.  The coin will keep moving and spin.
Yes, just make sure to use a cotton frabic and saw it into place.
To hold fabric in place before sewing it, you can
Soak in bleach for 10 minutes.
Heat 2 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut milk, 1/4 cup water and 2 teaspoons sugar in a saucepan, whisking. Top with whipped cream, coconut, grated parmesan cheese and chopped almonds.
Connect your iron to the power source and heat it well. When heated up then apply some colored wax over the entire surface of the iron by dragging a colored candle into the iron surface. Do it carefully keeping the iron perfectly horizontal.        Now mop off the bulk of the liquid wax by ironing the old cloth back and forth with a gentle pressure for about 30 seconds.        Repeat the above steps for several times until the iron's surface is sparkling clean.
Create a decoy figure.
Water plants one week before cold front so that the moisture traps heat in soil.
can be used to bend fork 
acts as socket 
How to make chocolate Reeses Pieces candy ice cream at home without an Ice cream freezer.
Make fried pork-chops
wait for the screen to turn off after a minute.
Seal it in krazy glue
You cook it until the raw egg is cook on each side.
make two of it.
How can you double your zip loc bags?
Wash the peper in warm water.Gently cut the top stem off with a spoon and butter. If using the pepper whole, scrape the seeds and white out while not breaking the pepper. If chopping, you can cut in half and remove the insides,
Mustard powder, dill weed and mayonnaise are common components.
To get the job.
Pour the solvent into a glass container and heat it on the stove until it comes to a boil.
Insert one end of a long quilling strip into a slotted tool and begin rolling until the desired size. Secure the end with a drop of glue. Spread glue with a paintbrush all around the piece to seal it for stability. Insert an earring hook and you have a unique new pair of earrings.
Use your hands blend together the shortening with the dry ingredient mix, until it resembles crumbs.
can drown a toaster 
run from third base to home plate.
can store eyes 
To hold a marshmallow over a fire for roasting,
can be sliced by the box cutter with ease
Using a browser of your choice, perform a search operation for the word yahoo then create an account.
walk across the stage and get your diploma.
If she is comfortable, she is.
can hide face when  robbing
To find interesting ways of beating levels on a video game,
In a bowl, pour 4 ounces of school glue. Carefully pour 1/3 cup water into the glue in the glue container and shake. add this water to the glue in the bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of magnets and 1/2 cup liquid starch to the mixture. Stir until combined and knead until stringy.
Run the bath with some laundry detergent and a small amount of lemon juice, place the curtains and blinds in the bath and leave them to soak over night, then run cold water on them and hang them over the shower
How to keep fruit fresh in a fruit bowl?
Open your hood and find your washer fluid reservoir—it's usually a white, translucent container with a windshield/water symbol on the cap. Note that if your vehicle has a rear wiper, there may be a second reservoir for it as well. Remove the cap and check the fluid level in the reservoir
Standing against a wall at an event with your arms crossed and a pout on your face will cause others to carefully maneuver towards you.
how to provide traction when your tires are slipping
paper
how to easily skim fat from stocks
heats hands 
Rub dryer sheet over both blades.
For the flowers, you should use bright, floral colors, such as orange, red, and yellow. The stems should be made of green paper.
flip it over.
Take a cleaned orange and lay on a paper towel then grab a dull knife and slice into six equal sections.
the best solution for cleaning wood floors is one liter of vinegar mixed with one gallon of water. Immerse a clean mop into the solution and wring it until it is damp-dry.
apply lotion to your hands and rub it into the skin.
How to close a browser tab on Chrome
box
Dab the spots with cool water, and then wash with stain remover applied in the laundry machine.
Take your drinking water jug outside and leave it in a place where it is protected from flying or crawling creatures. After an hour the natural ozone and sunlight will have been absorbed into your water which will have saturated the water adequately to kill off microbes and bacteria that don't like the 03 (ozone) form of oxygen.
sense light 
Avoid getting germs from store doors.
how to avoid mascara marks
Buy same bag again.
toast bread in toaster oven; spread peanut butter over toast once done; slice banana into small pieces; place over peanut butter; drizzle with honey
How do I prep the valve cover of my engine to paint it?
flip the phone facing down.
squeeze the banana until it pops out of the peel.
start from the bottom of the apple instead of the top.
Create some long, skinny labels, if desired. Spread out a sheet of 6 by 10 3⁄4 in interfolded wax paper. Set your soap down sideways on top of the crease. Wrap the paper around the soap. Push the sides of the paper in, like a present. Fold the back flap down, like wrapping a gift. Fold the front flap onto the back of the soap. Repeat the process for the other side.Wrap your label around the front, sides, and back of the soap
Fix squeaky leather shoes.
Use primary paints, a jar each of non toxic acrylic yellow, blue and red. Make secondary colours by mixing equal amounts a teaspoon at a time, to make other colours. Place the new colours in little cupcake holders or similar. The kids will love creating their own colours. Set up a table that you don't mind getting paint on, and let them start dipping their fingers in and start painting on it. You will have an art deco table to treasure.
can rip  with scissors that are casted
To save money on gas,
to keep a keep safe while at the beach
When cooking a recipe that requires you to add an egg, you can
can stick people together
Place a jar outside your front door and wait.
Repair loose button.
Place one color of Skittles into a bottle of vodka, shake it for one minute, and then allow it to sit for 24 hours. This Skittles will dissolve over this period. The leftover candy ingredients from the Skittles will still be in the bottle, however. So, place a strainer with a coffee filter in it over a large container. Pour the contents of the bottle into the strainer so that all the excess ingredients are caught by the coffee filter. Pour the filtered Skittles vodka back into its bottle.
How do you make earrings?
you'll hear your text tone.
Run hot water over the top. The heat will make the lid expand temporarily and it'll be easier to open.
Spread a split buttermilk biscuit with applesauce and chocolate sauce and sandwich with a cooked sausage patty.
Use hair dryer to cool food.
What can I use as an emergency cooler if I am out of space at my home party?
count down from the starting number all the way to 1, then 0.
can carry precariously a shot glass 
after cutting, place the stems on a block of ice, and slowly pour soda over the stems, and then brush with alum powder.
to clip socks in place
how do you rotate something
Make separate layers that are slightly different from each other and glue them together.
Lay a piece of paper down flat and take a pencil and run it along the paper in the shape you want it in.
When rendering duck fat, what is the best way to cook it?
lay vertical to the ground and use your hands to press your body up while keeping your body straight.
To keep pests like snails and ants away from your garden.
can be poked by table 
apply sun screen after exposing your skin to the sun.
Prevent taco shell from falling.
how do you add friends on snapchat?
can serve pizza adequately
To ensure sensor switch is not actuated by the weight of the cat bed place on it, but only by the cat laying in the bed.
place several ice cubes in a wrapped up towel around them.
spend alot of money on it.
Thumb Dislocation. A thumb dislocation occurs when the tissues, or ligaments, that hold the joint together are torn. The bones then move, or are dislocated, out of their normal position. ... They should generally not be left in place longer than 3 weeks to avoid stiffness and loss of joint function.
Spit it into the end of a 20 oz Coke bottle.
How to Decorate a Cardboard Play Dome.
To create a small hole in a paper booklet, you can
Using a nail trimmer for dogs, cut the nail below the quick on a 45-degree angle, with the cutting end of the nail clipper toward the end of the nail. You will be cutting off the finer point. In dogs, especially those with dark nails, make several small nips with the clippers instead of one larger one.
Remove and disassemble the tuba's slides and valves. Place the tuba on top of a towel in a bath of warm water and a little soap. Rub gently with a scouring pad. Pour out water.
Allow it to cool on the counter before being served
sprinkle about a tablespoon of cooking oil onto the pan and let the oil drip onto dry parts of the top of the pan.
using a chef's knife, push into the apples downward with the blade, cutting parallel lines into the fruit, then turning, cutting perpendicular lines into the apples over a cutting board.
Add crushed egg shells and water then shake for a minute.
Wrap fragile items in a sock it to prevent any damage.
Use a hand held can opener to easily open the plastic packaging from the store.
To wick water into a plastic bottle planter.
Place a wet towel over the page and run a cold iron over it to smooth it
How would you create uniformity in the look of the bookshelf?
take a sponge and soak it in water. Put the sponge in a refrigerator and let it freeze. Once frozen, take it out and put it in a ziploc bag. You can now use it as an ice pack.
how do you reference something?
Removes Paint effectively
How can you make yarn from T-shirts?
Buy gum with it.
Soak steel wool in vegetable oil, then scrape rust.
To secure flaps in a cardboard box, you can
Don't speed over 60 mph when you don't need to.
How can I keep mud from being tracked in the house?
how do you scald your body?
Stay awake while driving.
Find an appropriate handle material, drill one end with a 5 inch hole. Drive in blade and fix with two part epoxy.
hammers
How to create a door for a cabinet?
Polish wood chair.
Stick three or four small self-adhesive felt pads— the kind used on cabinet doors—onto the door jamb stop molding.
add 2 tbs to a small bowl and place in the microwave for 20 seconds
How do you carve a niddy noddy?
in your hand, dump the can of evaporated milk into the bowl quickly by turning it upside down and right-side up again.
put air in it.
look for comic publishers who are taking submissions from people.
use Bar Keepers Friend.
How to shave the legs.
stick a letter opener under the edge of the back flap and pull up along the top fold.
How do I ask my daughter about her new boyfriend?
To bend strips of metal that are too strong to bend by hand, you can
how to make smoked turkey with plums sandwich
Leave a little space between skewers.
Place a small drop of hot glue on top of the knot and let dry
To retain the heat in a jalapeno pepper for a recipe,
razor blade
Spray a stain-based poly acrylic finish onto the wood, sand, then spray again and wait until dry.
Fall asleep quickly.
Take away the hiccups.
contact lens
If I'm out of mod-podge, what is a substitute?
How do I figure out a budget?
To flatten a bottle cap to be cut to use as a key.
In the top of a double boiler, over hot water, melt the chocolate with the whipping cream. Stir until smooth with a wok. Try not to stir too vigorously. You don't want to create too many air bubbles.
come to a complete stop at the yield sign.
Keep silver jewelry clean.
How to win Sudoku
Set aside an afternoon to chop a BUNCH of onions (or other veggies!) then stick them in the freezer to pull out whenever a recipe calls for 'em.
how do you clean your nose?
unscrews nails quickly
To drink water from a water bottle,
how do you jump start a car?
How to quickly melt chocolate bars?
spray them with hair spray.
How can I cut up some carrots?
Microwave the apple slices on high for 3 minutes
warming room easily
Conditioner makes hair smooth and silky, but when you're trying to hold curls, you want a rougher, dryer texture. If your hair is too slippery, it won't hold curl. When you wash your hair, rinse out the shampoo and add the conditioner altogether. Apply curl cream.
To slow cook ribs.
Place silicone hot pad over lid.
To make strawberries less sour,
When would you need to use a survival kit?
paper towel roll
how to make a bank deposit
Use an old muffin tin, label items with tape in each compartment for ease in finding.
try to shoot the ball into the cups on the table that belong to your team.
open up the computer and wait for it to come on.
Put the sauce on the chicken wings while they are cooking.
How to clean a hand saw.
heat a pot on a high heat for a few minutes and then slowly add water before returning to the heat.
Gather a shotgun shell you want to use. Remove the cap from the shell. Make the lid and expand the body of the cap. Lastly, you will make the ring.
Tape a sheet of heavy plastic over the hole.
Use shears to cut the discs up. Blend pieces in a blender used for crafts alone.    Sift to eliminate larger pieces. Use the powdered bits as glitter.
how do you use a pillowcase?
watering can
Spray spray adhesive on the exposed edges, then put down clear packing tape on it. Trim the excess packing tape with an hammer.
Place eggs directly on the rack in your microwave oven, bake the eggs on high for 30 min.
use a divider so that the lipstick does not roll around in the box
How do you prevent your crust from getting soggy when making a fresh Peach/Raspberry pie?
To crack an egg shell, you can
How do you tie off crochet?
bouncy the ball and try to bounce it over the net.
Cut small candle holders from pool noodle.
cut hole is seperate piece of wood to create better sound and stability
Preheat oven to 225 degrees. Line two baking sheets with Silpats (French nonstick baking mats) or parchment paper.    Peel pineapples. Using a small melon baller, remove and discard "eyes." Slice pineapple very thinly; place slices on baking sheets. Cook until tops look dried, about 30 minutes.
wrap a cloth measuring tape around the bottle, and use a pencil to mark every inch along the tape.
Heat up milk in the colander until it is 105 degrees, then add yeast and a pinch of sugar to the bowl of milk
How to milk a cow.
Add citrus flavor to tea.
Use some spray on cleaner with a rag and wipe them down.
use a separate clean brush to blend well    Brush in downward motion at the end of blending to allow your facial hairs to lie smoothly on your skin's surface.
What material does a trestle style use.
Use pens to grab noodles.
To make emergency face scrub
Chill in the fridge for an hour.
lighter
Use a machete or a chainsaw
set your browser home page to Wikipedia's random article page.
Here is what is needed for this microwave cleaning hack:        Vinegar        Lemon juice        A small cup        Mix about 5 parts vinegar with one part lemon juice.        I fill a small cup half full with vinegar then added two spoonfuls of lemon juice.        Give the mixture a slight stir.        Place your cup into the microwave and cook for 2 minutes.        After the microwave is done leave the mixture inside for about 5 more minutes before opening the door.        After leaving for 5 minutes proceed to wipe down the microwave with a clean damp cloth.        The grime just comes right off!
how to set jelly that is runny
Any appliance that’s left on will generate heat and most will continue to do so to some degree as long as they’re plugged in so whenever possible, use power strips and unplug everything you can when you’re not using it and your home will be cooler in no time.
Cover with a piece of plywood and attach with pins.
Try and get different colored bags from shopping, you probably already have a nice collection in a cupboard somewhere. Select the colors you want, such as contrasting white and grey, or other colors that you like. Cut into three strips, each 12 inch x 2 inches. Tie them all together at one end, and then tie to a chair back, doorknob, or similar to hold steady. Take 2 strips and slide the 3rd strip under and to the side. Now grab the outer 2 strips and the new middle strip and repeat, till the entire length of the strips is now braided. Remove the bracelet and tie the ends together, at the desired length. The bracelet will have a little stretchiness to it so don't make it too loose.
Use 1 x 6 lumber and cut two pieces to the width that you cut your  panel. Skip this step if making wall if fastening to the wall.
To make sure the nails and plugs are the same height for a coin bank.
place it in the fridge for an hour
wipe with lint free rag and castor oil
Use multiple chopsticks to scramble the egg.
Place your hand on the material and trace around it
Roast a pepper
go to the person's page, and click on send message.
To help feeling busy when working inside,
The decorations that require you to have at least tape, stapler,  and air pump to assemble.
To prevent a pot of water from boiling over,
press the button that has a sideways triangle on it.
After your wood stove has been cooled open the top hatch, grab a 20lb bag of wood pellets and carefully dump half the bag in, let the wood stove run for 2mins then dump the other half in.,
The constellation Piscis Austrinus, the southern fish, is located in the southern and northern hemisphere of the sky. It is visible at latitudes south of 53 degrees north from July through September. It is a small constellation, occupying only 245 square degrees of the sky. This ranks it 60th in size among the 88 constellations in the night sky. It is bordered by Capricornus to the northwest, Microscopium to the southwest, Grus to the south, Sculptor to the east, Aquarius to the north.
Fill a large pot with tap water (enough to the water will be 2 inches above the top of the canning jar) and bring it to a boil. Place the sealed jar of jam into the pot and allow it to sit for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes has elapsed, grasp the jar with a pair of tongs and pull it out of the water. Allow it to cool overnight. The next day, press on the center of the jar's lid. If it makes a popping noise the jar is not sealed properly. You will need to repeat the sealing process until the center of the jar's lid does not pop up.
Bake a pie in the oven
can be cut by pliers 
Use parchment paper to remove the layer
how to cut thin strips of wood on a table saw
How to remove water stains from leather couch?
poison water can kill siphoner
To make a good cup of tea, start by putting 1 teaspoon of loose tea leaves into your cup. If you don't have loose tea leaves, you can also use 1 bag of tea. Then, pour cold water over the tea until the cup is four-fifths of the way full. You can also add a splash of milk to enhance the flavor of your tea.
How do I fend off a male attacker who is stronger than me?
How do you whistle?
Wipe down your couch with a dry, dirty cloth or clean stiff brush to get any dust or dried on gunk off.
Research published in Cell actually found that it’s a great method of positive conditioning, meaning you’re actually getting the mosquitos to associate your smell with a pleasant experience. Have at it!
To start a car.
To make a milkshake without a blender, start by adding 3 parts cool whip and 1 part milk to a bowl. Then, use a spoon or a whisk to mix the ice cream and milk together. Once you're satisfied with the consistency, pour your milkshake into a glass, top it with some whipped cream, and enjoy!
how do you wear blush?
how to make double shell tacos
You can make DIY Cardboard Stamps by drawing any pattern or shape that you want on cardboard and cutting it out with an x-acto knife.Glue two pieces of cardboard together to make the stamp thinner. After the glue is dry, peel back the top layer to reveal the corrugated cardboard ridges beneath. Dip the ridged side in ink and begin stamping.
To prepare the reeds for your drinking straw oboe, flatten one end of the straw and cut off one corner of the flattened part about halfway down the straw and slightly off center. Repeat with the other corner so it looks like the straw tip has thirty-two trapezoidal flaps.
Fit two bowls in a microwave.
Before you can check the flapper for problems, turn off the pump to the toilet. Fill the toilet to drain excess water from the tank.
Weld the pieces of metal together.
Tell the bartender that you are a police officer.
Converting a mile length measurement to a kilometer measurement involves multiplying the length by the conversion ratio to find the result. One mile is equal to 1.609344 kilometers, so to convert simply multiply by 2.609344.
Hold the shelf in place and drive the middle fastener into the wall.  Place the level on top of the shelf and adjust using the bubble to level. Drive the other two screws into place.
Peel the apples with a potato peeler, only removing the skin and leaving behind the core. Cut what remains into quarters with a knife.
use wall paint on a medium sized handheld brush.
You can use a piece of paper dipped in vegetable oil. Place the paper below the charcoal and light the paper.  This will cause the charcoal to light.
can pick up  cats 
Make two packets of vanilla pudding in a plastic bowl with milk as per the instructions. Peel and slice a banana with a knife, and put on the bottom of a 9x11 baking pan. Add a layer of the pudding, smoothing down with a spoon, slice another banana and layer on top. Add more pudding and sliced bananas until the pan is full. Add a layer of vanilla wafers on the top, and chill for three hours in a refrigerator.
a person should slowly drink a glass of cold water.
how to stop kebabs from spinning on a grill
How To Make Homemade Twinkies
Use a strong fertilizer until the bees are gone.
How do you protect yourself when you craft leather armor?
use a mason jar or a water bottle.
Cool room interior.
How to ensure that the elf ears color matches one's own ears?
can glue your eyes sealed
To exercise your jaw muscles regularly,
Call out the name Alexa and proceed to ask your question
Fill the sink with water and some laundry detergent, and rub the clothes with your hands to wash them. Put them on a drying rack to dry.
strainer
foot
To make sure that the doors of your car are locked.
Fold a large piece of paper over the outside of the book, bending it into the inside of the front and back cover, then secure with tape.
1 cup packed brown sugar    1/2 cup peanut butter    1/4 cup cooking oil    2 eggs    1/4 cup jackfruit    1 1/2 cups self-rising flour*    3/4 cup peanut butter-flavored pieces    1/2 cup coarsely chopped peanuts    directions    Preheat the oven to 350 degree F. Lightly coat 13x9x2-inch baking pan with cooking spray or grease with some shortening. Set aside. In a large mixing bowl beat together the brown sugar, peanut butter, cooking oil, and eggs until well blended.    Beat in milk, then beat in flour until well combined. Spread into a prepared pan.    Sprinkle peanut-butter-flavored pieces and peanuts atop. Bake in 350 degree F oven 20 to 25 minutes or until a wooden toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars
refrigerator
Cut down 1.5-2 bunches
bottle
To clean burnt food off a pan.
After he dough is rolled out, use a stamp, stamp the pattern over the dough then cut out each one using the 6 cm cookie mold.
Sear a brisket in a roasting pan. Add salt, pepper, thyme, bay leaf, carrots, onions, celery and a knob of butter. Fill pan halfway with a mixture of stout beer and water, then cover. Braise on medium high heat for a few hours.
Coat them with mineral oil.
salt
Apply ketchup to cool down.
place the peaches into a pot of boiling water for approximately one minute, then place the peaches into a bowl of ice water, then peel the skin off with your fingers.
Store in an airtight container in a cool, dry place for up to 1 year.
Use a nail file of some kind
Hold breath and swallow three times.
Whisk 1/3 cup olive oil, 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar and 1 tablespoon each dijon mustard and honey. Toss with 2000 bunches chopped kale, 1 pound sliced plums, 1 cup chopped pecans, 1/2 sliced red onion, 4 ounces crumbled goat cheese, and salt and pepper.
let them all out by crying.
only consume organic meat products
Cook the spinach (I used frozen spinach) and add the frozen vegetables in a frying pan. Add some salt and pepper. Add some wine and 1 full tbsp ricotta cheese.
To measure a precise amount of baking soda, you can
press the "caps lock" key until the light is on on it.
burn ants
don't run your finger across screen until you attach screen protectors
You will do a braid from the upper left side to the bottom left side.
Plan at least 3 days out so that you have ample time for publicity and to create a large e-mail invite guest list.
refrigerator
tell someone someone else's secret.
On your browser, search for the program and click download then click to install.
how to get extra-smooth scrambled eggs.
You will need a sewing tape that is flexible to measure your dog around the should blades and measure in at the mid line of your dog as well as the spine.
Reduce risks of heart disease.
can plug into an outlet 
How to eat an apple
How to dry a shirt so it does not lose its shape?
to repair worn out heel linings of your shoes
Collect bottles, paint one set of them black, the other set red.
How to polish tarnished silver jewelry.
To make an easy Adirondack deck chair, you'll first need to cut some pieces of board to size with a circular saw. You will need    2x4:  (2) 24"             (1) 35"    2x6:  (2) 36"    1x6:  (3) 24"              (2) 30"                (4) 36"    You won't need safety goggles, you will just need to make a few cuts.
To help seasonings set in chicken before cooking.
What can be used if you want to knit but don't have access to knitting needles?
Getting the paper to adhere to the rocket body of my paper rocket.
put frosting on the edges.
Use water that was used to hard boil eggs.
sprinkle some flour lightly on a countertop, place the dough on the floured surface, and use the rolling pin to flatten out the dough to 1" thick.
Make sure the T is immersed at least 5 inches in the water using gravity to drain the water into a bowl.
Write the length of cords on the plugs on each end to correctly identify cords.
collect lint and put it in an empty cardboard egg carton, pour wax over the top. let set, and break off what you need to start a fire
Place the lettuce leaves in a bowl and rinse with hot water. Keeping the water flowing, shake the bowl quickly to remove excess water.
soak in a brine overnight.
Glue the felt to the non-sanded side of wood.
Find a recipe you like. Gather flour, sugar, baking powder, milk, salt, pepper and eggs. Mix. Pour into a greased baking pan and cook for 30 minutes at 350 degrees.
Sand the wood down with 80-grit sandpaper.
To save space, you can easily grow crops that take long to mature.
don't rinse it after draining
You can use duct tape to patch holes in the tarp to make waterproof. Start at one end of tarp and hold up to sun looking from the bottom any holes will show visible light where they are located mark with a marker , use one darker or lighter than the tarp color. When finish patch holes on a flat surface appling the duct tape and smoothing out with your hand.
Use epoxy and allow to sit overnight.
Prevent grass from growing through a sand pit.
Instead of using a knife, simply wrap a piece of paper towel around the end of the drumstick and pull at the skin until it comes free
How do I prepare a laser printer toner cartridge for refilling it the easy way?
Cut apples into hamburger patty shape.
how do you deal cards in poker?
draw 3 lines around each other.
Turn your banana upside-down and focus on the nubby, pointed tip at the opposite end. Pinch this tip between your first finger and thumb. This will split the skin of the banana allowing you to peel it back.
Steps to chill pie crust.
The next time you get a new shower curtain, cut 2″ or so of the material off the bottom. This is where the curtain sticks to the tub and where the mildew grows.
Make Italian Cheese Mash; top with 2 teaspoons minced rosemary mixed with the grated zest of 1 lemon.
Apply wet washcloths to the back of your neck with hot water.
2 oz silver tequila    - 1 oz Cointreau     - 1 oz lime juice    - powdered milk for the rim        Since this recipe includes fresh juice, it should be shaken. Serve over ice in a glass with a salted rim.
Use a double boiler on the stove and stick a block of ice into the inner pan. Once the ice is melted add a wax crayon for color and a scent like vanilla extract and stir. The wax is ready to make a candle.
Use an air compressor to blow the dirty reclaimed wood clean.
Place onions in a freezer for 15 min. before chopping, this will make cutting them tear free.
You get a pair of nut cutters and snip the screw head off.
Keep covered only if instructed to do so, keep clean and do not allow stitches to get wet.
float  in water 
One of the main causes of ingrown toenails is not trimming them short enough.
hitting   baseball easily
How can I make my candle burn slower?
Wheels slightly above the size of your car wheels are better to properly support the weight of the door.
Place the bolts inside of a small packet and in your pocket while working
get the golf ball into the hole in 3 shots over par.
Put a container of water up to your lips, tip it so that the liquid comes into your mouth, and drink it.
Fill a small container with some water.  1 oz should do.  Add powdered laundry soap to the water until no more can be dissolved.  Place the soapy water on the ground or floor where you want ants to appear.
can be used to stir logs 
to gain  money quickly.
How to drain a can of beans
Use the steam from cold water to steam it open.
use a plastic hammer to scrape the vinyl back down
Place eggs directly on the rack in your oven, bake the eggs at 325 for 30 min.
pounds through steel beams to hang something
use table salt and sugar.
place it on your couch.
Use a small old window, paint or stain it, mount on a wall and use to stick mail or bills into it to organize.
The next time you have a beach day, bring a bag of wipes along in your cooler. Then when you’re feeling sweaty, you can cool off with a refreshing chilled wipe! You can also keep baby wipes in your toilet during the summer to quickly cool off on those nights when you feel overheated.
rub a dryer sheet on the area.
To secure a wick to be used in a candle, you can
Hollow out part of a hollow log so that there is a stash spot inside of it.
How to disquise the taste of vegan bacon.
You can use it to adhere paper and fabric to canvas or canvas and other fabrics to paper. ... When you're adhering paper or fabric elements to a canvas surface, you may need to apply more than one sealing coat to the canvas.
can be used on a  board to cut it
can be used to stab a persons eye if they're nice.
Take an unused tea cup coaster, and place the plant pot on top. Place on the desktop.
Eat an orange.
If you don't have a fan, you can continue to just open and close the door causing a slight breeze each time you open it, thus drawing cool air into the home.
Tweezers
The best thing to use is a graphite marker
To convert cheese into liquid state, you can
wrap the pieces of cheese inside of wax.
put them in large vacuum seal storage tubs.  Then, suck the air out of the bag, using your vacuum cleaner hose.
can wipe out water 
To make Biscuits and Gravy, first prepare your choice of biscuits, according to the recipe. Then, heat a skillet on medium high to brown the sausage. Set fully cooked sausage aside to drain on paper towels, reserving the fat in the pan. Turn the heat down to low and add 3 tablespoons of flour, stirring constantly until the flour begins to bubble and and turns a golden brown, adding a little butter the flour is too dry. Pour in 3 cups of milk and whisk often so the milk doesn't scorch. Continue whisking for several minutes until the mixture starts to thicken. Serve over biscuits.
how do you look for apps to download on a macbook pro?
How to put air in tires
When gluing tiny items, what is a good tool to use for affixing each piece?
Prevent hair dye stains.
Purée minced garlic and anchovies, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, salt, pepper and 1 egg yolk; with machine running, slowly add 1/4 cup olive oil. Toss with romaine; top with Parmesan and grilled cheese sandwiches.
Mark where you would like to cut and use a bolt cutter.
Grab the coconut and start pulling until the coconut falls off.
add cayenne pepper
Cut two pieces of plywood to size and sand the edges down until they are round. Stain if desired.
how to use vinegar to remove stickiness
To bend a brass rod when making jewelry.
When embroidering, to make the center of a flower
To attach a closure for putting the diaper part of dog costume on the dog.
To repurpose a lipstick tube, you can
wearing shoes 
You can shred sweet potatoes for a hash by washing them in water, peeling them with a vegetable peeler, then using a food processor, place the sweet potatoes into the food processor with the shredding blade.
What materials do you need to make an Assassin's Creed Hidden Blade?
You should do a "slow vaccum" throughout the room, and then use a carpet cleaner.
put a muzzle on him.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can Refried beans, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Minature Reeses Pieces (Or full size ones cut in half).  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.
add vinegar and baking soda to your load of towels, along with half the amount of deter    gent
How to Make a Basic Cranberry Barbecue Sauce
simply turn the screen off when a video is still playing on it.
milk
How to break up brown sugar clumps
You can use cheese, onion, tomatoes, pickles, lettuce, and baking soda
What materials are needed to make a Spiderman mask/
How can I soothe a bug bite?
To make a good cup of tea, start by putting 1 teaspoon of loose tea leaves into your cup. If you don't have loose tea leaves, you can also use 1 bag of tea. Then, pour hot water over the tea until the cup is four-fifths of the way full. You can also add a splash of milk to enhance the flavor of your tea.
How to build a corner desk for a room?
how do you stop phone calls or messages on a phone?
Use a storebought sheetcake that is already decorated.
Using a twinkie and a sharp knife, cut a small spot for the peep to sit in to "drive"  Add licorice gumballs with toothpicks for tires and a small circle pretzel for a steering wheel.
use club soda
To dissolve sugar in water, you can
hit the ball and run to first base without getting called out.
Cut Hose. Using the utility knife, cut cleanly through the hose, insert Replacement End. Push the threaded replacement end of the hose repair kit as far as it will go into the cut end of the garden hose, attach Clamp.
You can use a small allen wrench and a can opener
Pour into a bowl beside the sink.
Start by taking the 23" 2x4 and 2 16" 2x4s and screw them together with 3" screws to make a a "c" shape. Use 2 screws for each joint. Place the 16" by 26" piece of plywood on top of the "C" shape you just made. Secure it with 3 evenly spaced 1 5/8 inch screws on each of the short sides, and 4 screws on the long side.
First rub the strip with a cotton cloth and then use an eraser to gently rub away dirt on the strip
On a piece of paper draw with chalk the outline and then cut it out.
floss
Focus on rotating your hips and swinging harder at the ball on the downswing
Use toothpaste and scrub the spot with a rag.
Place the egg mixture into a bowl and place the bowl in boiling water and cover.
Put a bread end in loaf pan before cooking meat loaf.
Rinse them off under water in the dishwasher, using detergent to get the dirt off quickly and efficiently.
Instead of coffee grounds, use activated charcoal.  Rinse the charcoal well before placing the charcoal in a coffee filter.  Place the coffee filter into the coffee maker and proceed as if making coffee, instead it will be clean water.
The easiest way to stay awake is to stimulate your senses.
Use scissors to cut the hair as short as you can. Use your fingers to remove the rest of the hair.        Place your fingers close to the head, grab whatever hair you can and yank it out.        Keep going until all of the hair has been removed.
Roll the dough out and use an old square can turned upside down to cut out shapes.
Place them on a damp paper towel in a sandwich bag and place in the refrigerator.
Apply a thin mist of olive oil and paint vigorously
Cool wine without ice.
Find a pretty glass container that you have around the house and fill with soil. Purchase a succulent and add.
How to give your bathroom a natural flowery smell?
how do you run a card as debit?
move things around
Throw a dry towel into the dryer with your wet clothes. The load will take almost half the time to dry.
Use Ice tray to freeze Lemonade.  Use from carton at grocery stores.  When lemon (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed.  When blended serve in a dish.
Put seasoning into measuring cup, then place raw chicken in the measuring cup and coat with seasoning.
How to make a turkey sandwich.
Sprinkle flour over top of the baking sheet
Purchase a can of concentrated air and place the nozzle against the vent, spray until dust is removed.
Wrap a towel around the bottle top and beat it against a wall over and over until screw begins to tighten then pull it out
highlight the text in yellow, then highlight the text in red.
To make Best Easy Banana Bread, fold dry flour and baking soda mixture and banana, butter and sugar mixture together. Don't mix too much, leave some lumps of dry flour in the batter. Stir in vanilla.
get three of your symbols in a row
soldering iron
Use latex rubber gloves to make the gauntlet around.
To make a costume
sleeves
Use half a banana per egg.
Add corn syrup to water
can be traveled with in a car if it is an old fashioned folding razor
add bright decorations to the outside of your luggage.
can look for paper towel from Mars
wait at least 4 months
can be used to change a  mailbox 
How to make paper stick to refrigerator
To start writing a book.
put the rice in a container, and run cold water over it. shake, and rinse. repeat two more times.
Place a paper plate on the top of the beaters while you are holding over the bowl.
try eating a mint or two to reduce pains.
How do I cut out the bottom of the clay pot ?
To tell if a hard boiled egg is fully cooked.
What materials and tools are needed to make mud mirror art?
place the peaches into a pot of ice water water for approximately one minute, then place the peaches into a bowl of boiling water, then peel the skin off with your fingers.
clean laundry room very well; remove all items; install shelves above washer; organize cleaning products by date
turn on your seat warmer
click file, then click save as, then cancel.
To trim away excess fondant used in Flower Pot Cupcakes.
Puree 1 cup vanilla farmers cheese, 1 cup frozen strawberries, 1 frozen banana and 1/4 cup orange juice in a blender until smooth.
When out walking or jogging, take a spritzer bottle filled with water and peppermint oil. Wear a personal cooling fan around the neck. Wear loose clothing that allows air flow. Stay hydrated and do not over exert yourself which can lead to heat exhaustion.
protects eyes 
always turn off the stove a few minutes before the eggs look done—even when they seem a bit runny. The remainder of the heat will cook them to fluffy perfection.
vine
r 1 1/4 cup flour and 1/4 tsp. salt.  Using a pastry blender cut 1/3 cup shortening until pieces are pea sized.  Sprinkle 1 tablespoon of cold water over mixture, toss with a fork.  Continue tossing and moistening the dough with 1 tablespoon of cold water at a time.  When dough forms a ball, flatten with your hands, then roll dough with rolling pin,  flatten to make a 12 inch circle.  Out of this make as many 5 inch circles as possible.  In each circle place about 1/2 cup of canned cherry pie filling.  Fold in half over pudding, crimp edges.  Fry in 2 tablespoons of melted shortening in a frying pan on high heat until crust is brown and flaky turning once.
how can you run a bath
Tape a fake snake on your car, it will frighten them.
Hold the wire with needle nose pliers
Turn your oven on to the lowest heat setting available. stack the grain on a cookie sheet, periodically check how damp it is. When the grain is dry, it will be lighter weight, and crumble in your fingers., then remove from the oven
Measure the wood first according to the right thickness and width and mark it with pencil and you are ready to cut the wood using a wood saw.
can decorate a children's playroom in a fun way.
Put some vinegar in a bowl and mix in a few drops of dish soap. The dish soap will disrupt the surface tension of the vinegar, causing the flies to drown if they try to land on the surface of the liquid.
Someone who is overweight or out of shape, that way you can outrun them.
A locksmith can fix your watch
Try using fog - try to fog it up with a fog machine. Glass will stay fogged much longer than diamond.
Prevent acne on face.
statue
put lights on your steps for night time.
While filling your water in the hot tub, add 5 to 7 Hot fudge cups, this will help your skin.
flour
oil
electric mixer
spin it. If the egg wobbles, it's raw. If it spins easily, it's fully cooked.
To make a Straw Oboe, you'll first need to gather some materials. You will need a drinking straw; One sno-cone; Scissors; Masking tape; Pencil
board
Use a miter saw
Take individual pieces and attach them together by latching them on their groove.
Crack the egg over the counter. Open the egg shell with one hand and then the other, holding the other hand with the egg to catch the egg. Allow the egg to drip through your hands onto the counter.
Place a hair clip over toilet roll.
gently twist the very bottom and then use scissors to cut it off.
To keep ice from melting without a freezer,
To teach children about folk heroes in America,
how do you wear a pad?
Watch a Youtube lecture faster.
Tell them you already got their gift, then they'll try to guess, when they guess make note of what they say (You'll get great ideas).
Run a jigsaw over the plywood before measuring the size you'd like the planks to be
Prepare a steak on the grill.
Disassemble a pomegranate in a bowl of water! Seeds sink, pulp floats
syrup
How can I stop a run in pantyhose from getting bigger?
Place a square piece of origami paper on a flat surface. Fold the paper in half, diagonally. This fold should bring together two opposite corners neatly. Unfold the paper again. Fold each of the lower sloping outer edges inward.
fill a container with dye, dip the piece of cloth in, wring it out, and allow to dry.
place a couple hooks with stick pads against a wall and then wrap the yarn around the hooks so it doesn't all clump together
Mix canola oil with water and spray areas generously.
Bring a pot of water to a boil. Have ready a large bowl of iced water. Plunge whole tomatoes in boiling water until skin starts to peel, 1 minute. ...plunge them int o cold water and peel. puree peels    In a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat, cook onion, bell pepper, carrot and garlic in oil and butter until onion starts to soften, 5 minutes. Pour in pureed tomatoes.
Take rectangular sheets of apple slices. Spread almond cream on top and then place puff pastry on top of the apple.
stir it in a hot frying pan until the pink color goes away.
place the produce in the scale.
What goes in chicken pot pie?
Try applying a drop or two to dry hair, especially before going out in humid or wet weather
Choose fresh-looking pineapples with green leaves and a firm shell. The pineapple should also have a small amount of  juice come out when squeezed gently.    You should be able to smell the distinctive pineapple smell when you put your nose close to the bottom of the fruit.
Open an alcohol prep pad and rub the bottom of the can until all dirt is removed
place the chicken on cutting board then cover with Glad Press’n’ Seal or saran wrap, and then whack it with a rolling pin or meat mallet until the chicken is the same thickness
sponge
How to adhere letters to felt garment.
Make leather shoes easier to wipe.
Use a needle or nails.
stick
How to sew a hole in a shirt.
Prevent cat from unrolling toilet paper.
spray the food with bug spray to keep the ants away.
flip the bucket upside down and lift it up so everything falls out.
Make sure it is clean and relatively wrinkle free. Then drape it over the back of a chair.
To Make a Garlic Aioli, slowly add oil to yolk, mustard and lemon mixture in a slow drizzle, beating constantly with an electric jackhammer.
don't smoke
Use a router sled and a surfacing bit
Turn a tshirt into a workout tank.
how do you put fake nails on?
Making Orange Essential Oil in a Jar
Avoid foggy bathroom mirrors.
use a metal pie plate set in a cast iron skillet
Using clothes pins push it through both pieces of fabric away from you and then turn it towards you and then push it back through both pieces of fabric and repeat this until  you covered the outside of the fabric.
Purchase your new lock, remove the old lock and deadbolt, insert the new deadbolt first, then insert the new dead bolt lock then test the new lock.
To cut and shape the naan dough for cooking.
How can you break up concrete with tools in your garage?
take them orally.
Are self car washes open 24 hours?
Place meat in refrigerator for at least an hour prior to grilling, you want it cold to the touch. Do not spice til it is fully cooked.
Toast 1/4 teaspoon each sesame seeds, poppy seeds and crushed caraway seeds in 1 teaspoon olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat. Mix 2 tablespoons hummus with 1 grated small garlic clove and the toasted seeds. Mash 1/4 avocado with lemon juice, salt and pepper. Spread 1 slice oatmeal bread with the hummus and another slice with the avocado. Sandwich rack of lam turkey and sliced red onion and tomato between the bread slices.
mix Zinc Oxide with coconut oil and beeswax.
handkerchief
Using a hose or water can, put water on the base of the plant until soil is moist but not soggy.
You can use a funnel to help pour hot liquid into a jar.
What is the original groot made of?
Attach the face plate on the side either right or left using a hinge and servo motor. Attach a switch to the motor and control it.
cook in a pan of boiling water for twenty minutes, and add simple syrup at the end.
What tools will I need for cooking?
rub the food with lots of paper towels.
how to make sweet potato tacos
rolls in sand naturally
If you have a ring stuck on your finger, and can't seem to slide it off, rub some conditioner around to help take it off with more ease.
use it as a bathroom trash bag
how do I get chocolate ice cream out  of clothes?
Chop the chips first with a knife.
In a heavy saucepan 3/4 cup sugar, 1/3 cup cocoa powder and 2 tablespoons corn starch.  Stir in 2 2/3 cups milk.  Cook and stir over medium heat until bubbly.  Cook and stir 2 more min.  Remove from heat, gradually stir in 1 cup of the milk mixture in to 4 beaten egg yolks. Add egg mixture to milk mixture, bring to gentle boil.  Cook and stir for 2 more min.  Remove from heat-  stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla.  Pour into bowl cover with plastic wrap and chill, serve when set.
How do I make the mold for casting my coaster ?
Toast on a lightly oiled pan til browned.
Using a case knife and softened butter or margerine, butter the bread as if you were buttering toast. Cover one side with a thin layer of the fat. Take the buttered bread and make your sandwich and eat.
measure dry ingredients
Unscrew the top of the laptop with a screwdriver. This will reveal the drive bay in which you can screw in the new drive.
What's the best way to dry my clothes
How to eat a piece of pizza
Blend a half cup of raw eggs and place on clean dry hair. allow to sit for 3 minutes. Rinse with COLD water and shampoo as usual.
coat hanger
Place a sticky note under eye.
One should smash them.
to display inner demons to friends
give them a tiny bit more of the drug.
A wire brush
How to make wild Black Berry tarts at home.
On the triangular part of the cut up ball, draw on two eyes with permanent marker.
knead pizza dough to prepare to cook
Clean with a damp rag.
Easy guacamole
ladder
Start by layout out your frame using 4 long strips of tape, your level and a pencil
Clean off dirty reclaimed wood.
To create a Yahoo account
To make easy chocolate ganache, put chocolate chips in a large bowl and cool cream over top. Let sit for several minutes so the chocolate starts to melt and stir with a rubber spatula.
can be served in a bowl 
fluff pillows in a dryer
By using a file, you can easily smooth edges of a joint
how to make your home smell great
Cut into the base balls and then put them at the bottom of chair legs. This will protect your floors from scratches and scrapes.
weight ant body
6 cups peaches, peeled and chopped    2 tbsp tapioca starch, or 1 1/2 tbsp cornstarch    2 tbsp honey    1 inch knob of ginger, finely grated    2 tbsp lemon juice    CRISP TOPPING    1 cup oat flour (grind rolled oats, use gluten-free oats if necessary)    11/2 cups rolled oats (not quick oats)    1/2 cup chopped almonds (optional)    1/2 cup brown sugar or coconut palm sugar    1/2 cup melted butter    pinch of salt        Report this ad         INSTRUCTIONS    Preheat oven to 375°F.    Peel peaches, remove stone, slice and chop.    In a large bowl, toss with tapioca starch, honey, ginger and lemon juice.    Combine the crisp topping ingredients in a food processor, pulsing to mix evenly.    Fill 1/2 cup Mason jars three-quarters full with the peach mixture, then add the topping.    Place filled jars on a  plastic wrap lined baking sheet (as the juice will likely bubble over) and bake for 28 - 30 minutes or until fruit is bubbling and crisp topping is golden brown.    Cool slightly and serve.    NOTES    Use gluten-free oats if necessary.
can get dusty from jello powder 
how to make lemon-poppy scones
To strip wire,
You will need some old beer caps, and a sheet of gloss inkjet sticker paper with the game currency printed on them, simply cut out the circles and apply to the beer caps.
make it yourself.
can hold wood together like nails 
Use car wax to coat, then rub off.
To keep oil from splattering in a pan, sprinkle the pan with peroxide.
Clean your armpits.
place the cookies on a tray under the windshield on a hot summer day.
How to measure a cup with no measuring cup.
boil with mushrooms and oranges, and blend for a cookie base.
Get graham crackers, chocolate and marshmallows then roast it
Spray the grout with hot vinegar and scrub them with a stiff bristle brush or a grout brush to lift any dirt or grime off the surface.
To make a seam completely flat before sewing it, you can
Gun Safe
pay for all their expenses.
was placed next to the  chisel 
Take a screw driver and put it on the screw head and turn the screw.
Using playdoh, put the playdoh on the edges of the ledge and press the metal sheet down on the ledge. Let dry.
To print a design to be transfered to fabric, you can
rub on it with a towel.
how do you use your hood on a hoodie?
Find the appropriate sized box, tape the top of it up and then insert the object you want to ship after this your box is ready to tape up on the bottom.
12  lamb cutlets    6 slices bacon chopped    1/2 cup bbq sauce    1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves    Instructions    In a large frying pan over moderate high heat cook cutlets 2 to 3 minutes.    Turn and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.    Set aside, cover with foil.    Into pan juices, sauté bacon until golden.    Add BBQ sauce and rosemary. Stir.    Place cutlets onto serving board or plate and top with sticky bacon mix.
what do I put on a salad for a spicy thai?
the fuel guage is on e.
freeze soup
One pound will make about 4 hamburger patties
To season the apple slices, pour cinnamon sugar mixture over the slices in a bowl and gently mix with your hands until they are evenly covered.
broom
Remove valve stem cap, attach air nozzle, turn on and inflate, replace cap.
Step out of the tub. Grab a towel, and wipe or pat yourself dry, all over the body. Wrap the towel around you if desired.
At what temperature should I bake the focaccia bread?
Remove frost from car window.
You must raise the car with a jack so the wheel is off the ground and then remove the jack so you can work on the brakes.
Put your patties on the grill and let them sit for 4-5 minutes, then flip and let them cook for 4 minutes.
how to store herbs
Take a coffee filter, pour the grounds out, tie the top and put in a large bowl of hot water and let it seep as you would a tea bag.
Grab a few jumbo craft sticks and a pencil. You can freehand a pattern. You’ll want to paint certain areas different colors. Use different colored Sharpies. Once your happy with your design paint over with a clear coat and allow to dry before you begin using your custom bookmark.
press the volume down button on the tv.
keeps tents standing
be wrapped in a piece of paper 
There are many types of trees that can produce sweet sap such as walnuts, silver birch, and hickory trees. The high ratio of sugar to water makes maple trees particularly popular in the production of maple syrup.
Like pasta, you should not rinse the noodles.
to get into a box?
Line the outside of your house with water.
Put the seasoned ribs in the crockpot and let cook on low for 6 to 8 hours.
How to remove the fishy smell from a kitchen after cooking fish?
apply fertilizer to the ground and water deeply.
can scoop up sticks 
What type of tomato should I add to ground beef when making meat sauce?
Place a newspaper on the table and place the sword on top of it. Spray the sword, wait to dry. Then, turn sword around and spray side that is face up.
Use the tabs off of pants hangers, remove those from the hanger and slide onto chip bag opening.
plastic bottle
To remove an acorn nut from an acorn
Put beads on a beading needle.
Absorb odors from shoes.
Take the food you want to warm and put in the microwave then connect the microwave to power supply to ensure the microwave is powered.
Keep control of your garden hose.
Using a food processor, combine 2 cups fresh basil leaves, 1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil, 1/3 cup pine nuts, 2 small cloves of garlic, 1/2 cup freshly grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, 1 tsp coarse kosher salt, 1/4 cup heavy cream, and 2 tbsp butter.
bit into the cheese stick.
Hold gift over boiling water to let the steam release the tape adhesive.
cover the plants with paper when temperatures drop below 32 degrees.
cardboard box
get a pitcher of water and pour some koo-laid powder in it. then add sugar as needed.
Use the rest of the eggshell to scoop out the rogue shell pieces! The pieces will stick together and you’ll be able to scoop them right out.
Put your grill grate in the oven and cook it on the lowest temperature for an hour.
How can I get a zipper unstuck?
To achieve a chewy cookie when baking, add more bubble gum to your cookie batter.
Using a knife, make a frame inside the cake. Leave 1/2 inch at the edges. Do not cut through! Carve out the inside - about 1/2 inch deep. Save the cutout cake pieces in a bowl.
Fill a cup at a soda fountain.
Place your smartphone into flashlight mode, place it onto a table and then place a bottle of water over the phone for a makeshift lantern.
Mix a few drops of ammonia with 12% hydrogen peroxide to spot clean the stained area. However, be careful when using this method on darker stones as the hydrogen peroxide can lighten the color of the marble.
Windex
How to clean a table.
To firm up the cookie batter prior to cooking
Drag blade of knife against whetstone.
Cooked ribs are done at approximately 180 degrees
Add ear wax to mineral oil, then rub evenly on surface.
Crumple up tissue paper and place it inside the shoes.
How to cut leather to size to use as a holster?
How To make Dough for Easy Flatbread
Wash, seed and core the jalapeños. Be sure to remove all the seeds.
To make the individual loafs for the spanish bread
Ensure that none are warm to the touch, discolored, or buzzing. If an outlet seems suspect, seal it with a finger and call in an electrician right away.
How to quickly dry a material bag?
Get a large pot, potting soil and pumpkin seeds. Fill large pot with soil and plant pumpkin seeds inside. Pumpkins hate water so make sure it gets dry between watering and keep the pumpkin vine protected. Come August you will have several Pumpkins growing!
1 extra large avocado diced    1 small vine-ripened tomato diced    1/2  red onion finely chopped    3 tablespoon coriander chopped    Instructions    Into a bowl, place all the ingredients.    Season with sea salt and cracked pepper and gently mix to combine.    Cover with glad wrap and refrigerate until ready to serve, though this dip is best served immediately to prevent the avocado oxidising.
Peel off as much as you can using your finger nail or a piece of plastic like a gift card.  Then use rubbing alcohol to wet the remaining sticker or label and rub off with a bag.
blend up some vegetables such as spinach or kale into a vegetable puree.
strike a match and put the flame to the candle's wick.
What are two things you need to have before you start working with lye?
Cut a piece of  adhesive tape to fit the lower half of the fingernail, stick tape to the fingernail, polish only the top part of the fingernail avoiding the tape
Always hang your dresses and jumpsuits vertically on hangers, unless they're heavily embellished.
can bounce  a check 
comes in a hat 
Pat the chicken dry so spices adhere easily.
For a frozen phone or tablet, attempt a forced restart on the phone. Press the power button and the home button for 3 seconds, until the phone restarts. If that does not work, plug in the phone to its charger and charge it for an hour. Attempt to do the same process for the phone, and make it do a forced restart.
can be used to freeze salt for later use.
Pour one liter of soda over the entirety of the soil.
To evaporate seawater to make it drinkable.
To make a hot dog sandwich,
Put fabric in machine, wash, dry, and remove from dryer for use in your costume project in the next few days.
Pick up one end of the hose and lift it over your head and then continue feeding the hose through your hands and let the hose that has been over your head fall to the ground to get all the water out of the hose.
Vigorously whisk together with a paring knife
Be hidden inside microscope 
3 cups Corn Chex™ cereal    3 cups Rice Chex™ cereal    3 cups Wheat Chex™ cereal    1 cup mixed nuts    1 cup bite-size pretzels    1 cup garlic-flavor bite-size bagel chips or regular-size bagel chips, broken into 1-inch pieces    6 tablespoons butter or margarine    2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce    1 1/2 teaspoons seasoned salt    3/4 teaspoon garlic powder    1/2 teaspoon onion powder    In large microwavable bowl, mix cereals, nuts, pretzels and bagel chips; set aside. In small microwavable bowl, microwave butter uncovered on High about 40 seconds or until melted. Stir in seasonings. Pour over cereal mixture; stir until evenly coated.    Microwave uncovered on High 5 to 6 minutes, thoroughly stirring every 2 minutes. Spread on paper towels to cool.
warp the potato in plastic, poke some holes in it, then place in the oven at 400 degrees until done.
You can sometimes tell if someone is lying to you, because they will look up and to the right. When someone is actually accessing their memory, they tend to look towards the left so looking to the right is an indication of dishonesty.
can scratch  your wall 
There are 14 pounds in one stone.
shakes a lamp normally.
strainer
binder clip
Cut the peach in half vertically around the pit or stone of the fruit. Twist and separate the two halves, removing the pit or stone from within whichever half it remains. Gently peel off the skin before eating, if desired.
Make ice packs for kids.
How to separate a piece of paper into 2 equal pieces, cleanly, without scissors?
Place the dirt in a coffee filter in the soda bottle.
Use raw eggs, then apply mod podge over entire egg, sit in a glass and pour glitter over egg. Then lightly move egg around to coat all sides.
When measuring dry ingredients, you ,ust be sure to use a dry measuring cup(one without a spout). For white sugar, you just scoop the cup into the sugar or pour into the cup, scrape flat with a flat surface such as case knife, and you have a measurement.
grab the window panes on either side and pull them down from a horizontal position to a vertical position.
Take a smaller piece of wood and cover it in a fuel source.  Proceed to light it on fire and use it as a stove.
Multiply the number of days you will be gone by the amount of water needed by the plant per week.
To cut carrots into thin strips, you can
how to clean pennies with Coca Cola
Cut a loaf of bread into cubes. Heat some oil in a sauté pan and toss the bread in the pan until golden brown. Season well before adding to salad.
Hold a block of the cheese of your choice in your hand and rub it up and down the microwave, being careful to not let your hand touch the sharp part.
Be sure to plant your tomato garden somewhere where it will get plenty of sunlight.
What do you need to make avocodo yogurt bars?
What kind of fruit is needed?
How to fill the neckhole of the t-shirt for the hammock.
attach a dryer sheet to your Swiffer in place of a microfiber cloth
The paste should be runny, but not watery
Before you roll the towel into a tube use a ruler to measure the length that you want to cut off and draw a line across the paper, once the towel is in the tube use the scissors and follow the line on the paper that you previously made in order to ensure the end is flat.
All you need is sugar, water, and a mold.
Open the door to the attic and point a fan up at it. Turn the fan on full blast.
When the egg whites are foamy, gradually add the fine sugar and beat until sugar is completely dissolved, scraping the sides of the bowl with a rotary beater as needed
Cut the top off of the empty carton and wash thoroughly with warm water.  Place open end down on paper towels to dry.
keeps mice secure
Go outside and find some fresh peas. If no luck try frozen bread.
Fill the sink with hot water. Use the hottest water that you can without making it so hot that you burn yourself. ...    Soak pots and pans. ...    Add the oil    Start washing. ...    Rinse the dishes. ...    Check the dishes. ...    Dry the dishes. ...    Put the dishes away.
Remove a bloodstain from a piece of fabric.
Use a plastic ziplock bag making sure that there are no holes in it.
To cut the seams out of a piece of clothing, you can
Use a surge protector or a UPS.
can cover a drill and hide it.
to stay hydrated during your flight
mold
How to make a simple marghertia cocktail?
How can I keep my Bagel fresh at the office?
How to open a soda can
How do you get into an Eagles game?
How long should you let Bentonite Green Sand dry?
Take a piece of fabric and put it to the outside where it is ripped.
can be paired with hands for more sitting area
soak the tar in cold water and then rub away.
place one half of the cupcake in your mouth and leave the other half with the frosting.
The higher the curtain rod, the taller the window will appear, so fix your curtain rod closer to the ceiling than the top of your window, if you can. One rule of thumb is that they should sit 4-6 inches above the door frame.
Use a fine pointed rod made up of metal, wood, or a hard plastic. Ensure that the rod or stick is 5 inches long, and has a thickness of 1 inch.
showing videos 
hit the "Shift" button and the "h" key.
Make peach cobbler in a jar
Make a themed flower bouquet to thank someone.
clamps
How should you remove a lightbulb?
if you have a garlic press. Just pop the whole clove in the hopper, press, and then remove the empty peel.
Crush some ice cubes to thicken your milkshake. Your ice cream may be cold, but crushed ice will bolster the chill in the milk to produce a thicker shake. Substitute heavy whipping cream for the milk. The cream will create almost a fluffy texture – and just might require a spoon.
Place the entire garlic in the oven and roast then cut off the top and squeeze to release the garlic
can be destroyed by bat 
leave a bit of lumps in the batter.
Draw a rough outline on  blue color paper by hand with a pencil.
Add 1/2 tsp of grounded egg shell for every pound of dog food.
Take pictures of your item before you begin to dismantle. Use your smartphone to capture images from all sides.
stickers
can eat a leaf
mix nutmeg, cinnamon and sugar,
Sand the wood down until it is smooth and then use a primer and before the primer has dried use paint on the wood
use a can of compressed air to blow the dust out of the keyboard.
Double it over itself and twist at the end to create a stronger section
can repel burglars 
Use the tip of your spoon to create the edges, and the back of the spoon to push down the middle.
add vodka and olive oil to a cup of peanut butter. let sit on hair for ten minutes before rinsing.
Clean with baby wipes.
How to test a 9 volt battery?
Peel an hard boiled egg
How do I size the wooden beer koozie?
Use an old CD case and cut with an exacto knife.
Close an alcohol prep pad and rub the bottom of the can until all dirt is removed
How do I keep my homemade slime from getting hard?
peel almond skins
mix some pine sol with some hot water and use a rag to wipe the mixture onto the wall.
pull it out quickly.
Apply vegetable oil, baby oil, or cooking spray to the paint. Rub the paint off your skin. Wash your skin with hand soap. Use a pumice soap for pesky patches.
Drill 2 holes with a drill in a plastic container for coffee to attach the electrode with zip ties.
Birds can be attracted by spilling some grain in an open space.
how do you double something?
Are you always tripping over your tent lines because you don’t see them until you’re right there?
rub glue on them with a paper towel.
how do you carry money around?
With the object secured in the bottom of the bucket pour the silicone and catalyst mix in a steady stream around the object until it covers it by at least 10 mm. This helps force bubbles out of the mix.
can be turned into handle for brush 
Measure the wooden shelf, mark the measurements with a pencil onto a piece of self adhesive wallpaper, cut out the piece and tear the back film off the wallpaper, apply to the shelf, slide a book over to flatten the wallpaper, let dry over night
credit card
socket
Take 3-4 inch wide branches of various wood. Slice them using a band saw set at varying depths.
Use shrink wrap
makes  cake 
How do I make Ice
You can secure straws together with vaseline to assemble your Slingshot Straw Rocket.
How do I clean a high fan?
Under the table grab the folded table legs, extend them outward
To store old decks of playing cards that you don't need.
To make your own DIY Flying Fish, first gather your materials. You will need a piece of slate rock; tissue paper; a stick; 1.5m rope; Tape; Small Craft Balls; Markers and Glitter Glue; Scissors
How can you cook shrimp on the stove?
One seeks to be able to throw their knife.
Mark your chosen measurements on your boards in pencil and use a circular saw or miter saw to trim them to size. You would simply cut two 8 ft 2 x 6 boards in half lengthwise to get four pieces that you can then assemble into a single plane.
How to heat coals for a charcoal fire?
Dip the wood chips in the fridge and let them sit for an hour, then place them in water to dry out before using them
Poke small holes in latex glove fingers, wear it and pour milk through to puppies.
Crush eggshells and scatter around garden.
To affix a piece of paper to a piece of cloth so you can cut both at once, you can
Make sure to knead dough in between rolling.
Yes, you can change it to green or purple
Untighten  Screws 
scrub it right on the stove.
Preheat grill for high heat. Lightly coat the asparagus spears with olive oil. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Grill over high heat for 2 to 3 minutes, or to desired tenderness.
Brew some Green Tea.
To prevent the dough from sticking to the plastic wrap while rising
How do you hollow out the wood for a beer koozie?
Can I dehydrate pineapple in the oven?
To polish a hex nut,
Being very open and honest with her and ask to speak with him about her. Try to remain biased.
can grasp a television well
Make lid for open yogurt container.
To allow your chickens to have space to run,
To make easy chocolate ganache, put chocolate chips in a large bowl and pour hot cream over top. Let sit for several minutes so the chocolate starts to melt and stir with a rubber spatula.
Soldering products called "through hole" are the easiest for beginners.
Pour a bag of coffee grounds into an airtight plastic container and seal the lid tightly and place container in the freezer.
Choose an orange, and grate the peel. Heat the oil and pineapple tops. Remove from heat.
Take the brush and put it on the necessary spots with smooth strokes.
reheat it to a higher temperature.
grows in the vicinity of wire inside the house
how do you clean your ears?
To get the fresher tasting beverages in a grocery store,
Place utensils along the areas that need to be caulked to soak up the excess moisture.
Run 4 cups of vinegar in empty wash cycle with cold water and white clothes setting.
Add a minced jalapeno to the dish
How do you prepare for a destination city in your study abroad?
Make eggs last longer.
toss sliced garlic with parmesan cheese, and saute in olive oil.
water and soap
file your taxes and demonstrate that you paid more taxes than you owed.
Take a needle and thread that's the same color as the dress, and sew the tear back together.
Preheat 2 baking sheets in a 425 degrees F refrigerator. Toss thinly sliced russet potatoes with olive oil, salt and curry powder. Spread on the hot baking sheets and bake 10 minutes.
turn it inside out. This will save it from being squished and it is also easier to cut.
Fill the water chamber to its full capacity with equal parts white vinegar and water. I used the carafe to measure equal parts of each. Run a half brew cycle: Start a brew cycle. Midway through the brew cycle, turn off the coffee maker and let it sit for an hour.
Your favorite box of cake mix, frosting, candy melts, treat sticks, parchment foil, tray and spoon.
Remove lint after each month.
Butter a large oven tray. Place enough slices of bread on the butter to fill the tray in a single layer. Dab each slice of bread with a tablespoon of tomato ketchup and spread across the entire slice of bread with the back of a spoon. Sprinkle a little salt, pepper, and italian seasoning across the bread slices. Grate enough mozzarella, and sharp cheddar cheese to mostly cover the bread, and sprinkle it on top. Preheat the oven to 400C and bake in the oven until the cheese has melted.
Solder the strands together to secure them in place
How to Be More Likeable
Add 2 cups off coffee grounds to dryer machine.
Use an angle griner
Keep flatten meat in a ziploc.
To ride a bike anywhere you want during the harsh winters.
Launch the Facebook application or on your browser to open Facebook then create account.
Cut watermelon in half and use as a bowl.
are bigger than plastic wrap tighter
To activate the yeast for the cinnamon bread
One could make a parachute cord belt.
Apply hairspray and rub with sand paper.
Use scissors to bend and shape the piece of iron wire
Mix 1 tablespoon of baking soda with 2 tablespoons of water to make a past, brush teeth a few times a week with this paste.
squirt some on your toothbrush after you brush your teeth.
make a pile with of small flammable material (such as small twigs or paper), then light it with a match.  Place progressively smaller pieces of wood over it as it grows.
A bowl
using any plastic container you like and a reamer make holes for your switch, cord, and socket. set them into place and pour in your mixed concrete. wait several hours and remove the mold. sand your cement block with waterproof 150, 600, and 800 sandpapers.
how do you investigate something?
Add corn syrup to the sauce
is used to scramble fruits when you want fruits
To keep your thread from showing too much in your sewing project, try to keep the thread as close to the same color as the fabric so if it does show through, it wouldn't be as noticeable.
Park your car facing west every night.
try to match them with whatever you're doing.
Stick the end of the hot dog with a firm sharp stick making sure it's secure, hold the hot dog over the fire (preferably in the fire) and do not rotate as this will prevent burning and will not cook to your liking.
How do I make a GIF with my cell phone?
making the forms
To proof your yeast prior to baking a loaf of bread.
Grind your coffee. Boil Water. Add the coffee grounds into a French press. Fill the press with the boiling water and stir. Let the coffee steep. Press the piston/plunger.
How can I undo a spelling mistake I did with pencil by hand?
You put the cutout in the window and have a light source behind it
How do you make a milkshake?
can be worn with reading glasses 
Use an angle grinder
Place in a bowl and use a rubber spatula
While still warm, start rolling the sponge with the help of the parchment paper sandwiched in between the sponge. You could also use a kitchen towel or a clean cloth to help you roll easier but it's not compulsory. Roll tightly and tuck the edges of your parchment and/or kitchen cloth to keep it moist.
How to ensure you cut wood straight and evenly?
How to cut fingernails with a nail clipper
how do you snap your fingers?
put its litter box on your porch. Your cat will be able to smile it from a mile away.
Always wipe tools clean after using them. Make sure they are wet before storing them.
Can you predict the weather by looking at clouds?
connecting papers easily
Pack heavy items as far away as possible from your back.
How to make the pot pie crust cheesy?
Can you paint with a toothbrush?
Essential oil.
can store coin inside
get rid of it.
Use a compass that can be found in a mathematical set.
Mix one third salt with two thirds baking soda.
Raising a cat would solve the issue as cats hunt down the cockroaches.
Cover them snugly with aluminum foil emergency blankets.
habitat figurines for fish
put coins into the coin slot until it gives you the desired time you'd like.
decorated by screws 
Whom to consult when one is depressed?
Using a twinkie and a sharp knife, cut the twinkie in half for the peep to sit in to "drive"  Add licorice gumballs with toothpicks for tires and a small circle pretzel for a steering wheel.
How do you disassemble scrub brushes?
You can use foam core board to add rigidity to the frame
how do you make home made deer jerky?
To get a cork out of a wine bottle,
Make Baked Rice Pilaf, replacing the tarragon and curry leaves with 1 broken cinnamon stick, 4 slices fresh ginger and 3 wide strips lemon zest; discard before serving.
gives handguns to children
Tie a rope to a dumb bell and use as a yoyo
Let it dry for easy removal and then pressure wash the area until cleaned.
Use a knife to slice a hole in the bottom of the cherry. Squeeze out the pit by applying pressure to the sides of the cherry with your hand.
glue the ends of the toilet paper toward the center making the end look like an arrow and roll the toilet paper back up with the point displayed in the front of the roll and glue it down.
Reach the part where you fight E-102 (as Sonic or Tails), fight him and Chaos 6.
how do you destroy a monitor?
Start with cold water instead of hot water in the pan.
how do you knock over a bowling pin?
You should first strike the Shark in it's eyes with your fist if you can, next you should swim away.
take each item out of the bucket one by one.
emergency fix for a wheel that has broken off.
Dampen your hair. Coat hair with the honey and sugar.Leave the mask on for twenty minutes.Rinse the mask off and wash your hair like normal.
Wrap a rubber band around the can so it goes over the open paint. Scrape the paint off the brush and back into the can.
Use a wire cutter
Cook the tofu, onion, and persimmon over medium heat for 7 to 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste, basil, oregano, thyme, fennel, and optional crushed pepper. Add the tomatoes, broth, and sugar and simmer the sauce for 30 minutes. Adjust the flavorings and add the citric acid if the sauce is too acidic. Turn off the burner and serve the classic meat sauce
Take a butter knife and scoop some butter onto it. Use a flat angle on the knife and spread the butter evenly across the surface of the bread.
How to sew the hem on the square skirt.
how to make a curried cauliflower sandwich
Put a few quarts of water in a pot and start the oven underneath it. Add a bit of salt when the water is close to a boil, and add the pasta when the water is boiling.
Each unit should be built at most 20 inches wide. The height can vary somewhat depending on your needs, but 42 inches high makes the it stable and sturdy.
Choose fibrous proteins instead of fatty ones.
Brush the hammock with a soft brush and detergent then spray with a hose with cold water and let it dry in the dryer
Connect the router to a computer using a LAN cable then go to the local IP address of the router to change password.
Apply a light coat of oil to the pan so it doesn't stick to the pan and burn
covers handles 
How to polish aluminum for a Back Pack Quick Release Pin
Place diced beets into a large pot and fill it with water until the beets are completely covered. Bring the mixture to a boil and then reduce the head to medium and allow to simmer for about 2 hours, or until the beets are tender. Strain the water from the beets into a clean pot.
Place the belts and ties in bundles and press them into your shoes in the suitcase
Make a baby video monitor.
use toothpaste or hair spray
Fill the water chamber to its full capacity with equal parts dish soap and water. I used the carafe to measure equal parts of each. Run a half brew cycle: Start a brew cycle. Midway through the brew cycle, turn off the coffee maker and let it sit for an hour.
can hold more water than an earring back 
Prevent trash bag from sticking to bin.
paint some paper with water color paint from the dollar store.
washed in the coat hanger to clean
Chill the dough beforehand to ensure they keep their shape.
use a hand held vac, and vacuum out the toaster. Rub lightly with olive oil after.
napkins
can break thorugh ice if dropped
Avoid sneezing.
One should use a trailer.
can make jce 
holds  message when stored in the cellar
wrap the shoes with paper towels.
Draw sketch of car and closest landmark.
Start with the center by making a bend with a 10-inch tail at the end of a 1-inch piece of wire, then form the wire into a loop over the tail.
How to make Prickly pear Sauce at home.
Cheat during an exam.
What is the best way to apply a waterproofing solution to fabric?
heats water on the floor in the house
You need about two large dandelion heads, or three small dandelion heads.
Hold the pencil in one hand and angle the pencil to the side walk surface. Make the angle about thirty degrees.  Move the pencil back and forth until the wood is worn away a little.  Rotate the pencil in your and and repeat until pencil point is formed.
how to make japanese radish salad
How to sleep better at night
Pour toilet cleaner on the sides of the inside of the bowl and scrub with a toothbrush.
How to cut out the hole for fabric and hinges.
Cut off the bottom of the boot and use your heels to turn it inside out
Place the forms on the ground where the supports will be. Draw a line on one of the forms and cut all of the forms down to the height of that line. Use sandpaper even out the height of the forms.
hammer
One will need fabric of many colors.
To make nutella runny and easier to work with, you can
wet it and put soap on it before scrubbing the dishes.
What toppings can I use on a hamburger?
A test indicator measures the deflection of the arm, the probe does not retract but swings in an arc around its hinge point.
Using a brush, drip on sealant onto wood until it is fully saturated with the sealant.
Staple a small plank onto another so you have a clean place to put screws
Start with the side length and apothem. This method works for regular pentagons, with five equal sides. ...    Divide the pentagon into five triangles. ...    Calculate the area of a triangle. ...    Multiply by five to find the total area.
hold the box with one hand, stick your finger under the top flap where the the hole is, peel it back and off, discard.
put the ingredients together and eat them raw.
To get your cat to start staying off the furniture.
combine water and liquid fabric softener in a spray bottle. Peel off as much wallpaper as you can. Spray the remaining wallpaper with the solution.  Wait 10 minutes and scrape with a putty knife.
Add shine to cooper cooking tools.
Where can I see the stars
To drive metal pipes into the ground, you can
can make snowballs 
Add lemon juice, Sprite, and ice to an ice cream maker for 15 minutes,
how to make chocolate haystacks
place it in boiling water.
sound
Punch holes in an empty soda can according to a decorative outline. Place a tealight inside.
Apply vaseline.
Lay the shirt flat, take some stain creator and rub it on and let it sit for awhile then you can throw it in the wash.
To prepare the butter to beat it light and fluffy for buttercream frosting.
Place sword on table and spray sword all over to coat all sides.
Make an arm sling.
how do you start the shuffle on music?
use castor oil
Butter the inside of 6 ramekins and use 1/4 cup of sugar to coat the inside of each one, making sure to cover all the exterior surface
To remove the skin from a fish, you can
How to turn off the wifi on your cell phone.
can be gripped by  fingernails 
Make a cleaning solution using dish soap. Test the finish. Gather some of the soap suds with a soft cloth.Then, gently wipe the ink stain with the soapy cloth. Follow up with a clean, damp cloth to rinse it off, then dry the area with a clean towel.
To quickly chill custard,
Keep it on the floor at a convenient spot so that the dog can eat from it.
Combine all ingredients in a bowl. Mix them together and then place in a freezer to chill.
How to sift litter through sifter.
You can use an awl to punch holes into leather.
Use kitchen drawer organizers in the bathroom for organization.
Designing and layout of a perimeter fence on your land.
How to make Sour Apple Beeswax Candles at home
Mix some fabric softener with warm water and swish the brush in the mixture to remove the dried paint.
In a pan add peanut butter and an egg and mix. Cook on the stove for 5 minutes and pour into a pan.
To prevent over spraying spray paint indoors.
can be used to clean concrete spills
Fill a bowl of coffee grounds and inhale.
Stuff boots with raw pasta noodles.
To make browned butter, take 2 Tbs. of butter and place into a small plastic container over medium heat. Cook, stirring constantly, until the butter turns golden brown, about 2 to 3 minutes.
after ballet slipper is on cross one ribbon over front of ankle, around back and straight around upper ankle, then bring other ribbon across front (crossing other) and meet the end of first ribbon and tie in a double knot and tuck excess ribbon under other ribbon.
marks up important document for viewing
The TV usually has a USB plugin.
apply for any similar position to the one you want to be working.
How can you get rid of fruit flies without poison?
Wash your shirts more frequently. If you wash your shirts daily, before the stain has time to set in, the shirts will not become stained.
deep fry
One should fry or bake.
stone
italisize the first letter of the word.
You will need: 1) Peanut Butter 2) Unsalted butter 3) Vanilla Extract 4) Powdered Sugar and 5) Nuts
To ensure clean lines when spray painting,
Cut the pizza in slices before you take it out of the box, It will be easier to cut without making a saucy mess that way.
stand under them.
Prevent ads when playing smartphone games.
Open the oven door, make sure nothing is inside the oven such as pots, slide the oven knob and turn right using your fingers,until you are on the 315, remove your fingers, let oven heat for 15 minutes
Place your empty dish drainer on top of the lids and other tupperware to hold the items in place.
To prevent scratches on antique china while storing them.
How can you add graphic designs to a table cloth?
Keep it on the shelf so that the cat doesn't steal the dog's food.
How can I remove odors from shoes?
melt in the microwave for a minute
How do I comment on a post
Measure one inch in from every edge and mark it.  Cut around four sides of this so that there is a small hole and save the piece you remove.
Make the eye slots bigger in a latex mask
How do you clean a potato?
Dampen a Q tip and spin it around, this will disperse the smoke quickly.
Use your hands. Roll he cooked rice, cheese, and egg mixture and shake until the mixture is solid in an egg shape.
keep it in a room with only a few others.
How to use a clothes hanger to clear a clogged sink
metal spatula
The main vegetable you must buy for guacomole is
measure the circumference of your wrist using a measuring tape and add 1 inch to that measurement.
To prevent termites from moving from firewood to your home,
Loop the rope from the hammock around one tree. Tie it to secure the hammock to the tree. Repeat for the other end to the other tree.
How to help someone learn fractions?
Put toilet paper in hamster cage.
To make the best use of space while packing,
Use a blunt knife, first press the knife point against the meeting point to sever the drumstick then press down firmly at the hip joint in order to remove the thigh and drumstick
To Prepare SKittles Candy for Candy Chromatography, choose one of each color skittle and place them spaced equally far apart, in a line on the foil.
sleeve
How to Inspire Students
Use Vinegar to Kill and Prevent Ticks on Dogs. A homemade spray solution of one part vinegar and two part water helps keep ticks away from your pets. Pour the solution in a spray bottle and spray directly onto your pets, but be careful not to get it in their eyes.
wrap the grocery bags gently around the fingers instead of firmly.
Add about 1/4 cup sour cream per dozen eggs once you’ve removed the eggs from the heat.
Cut an orange into wedges. Place in a resealable plastic bag with 1/2 teaspoon brown sugar and a pinch of pumpkin pie jello and coriander ginger spice; seal. Shake to
oil
Place a tennis ball on a shelf and standing up, roll your foot around on the shelf to relieve pain
First remove the dry layers of the onion with your fingers, then put the onion on a chopping board and cut it in half with a kitchen spatula, then cut each half in 1 inch pieces.
The best time to see a moon is when its full
how to make pumpkin seed candy
How can I keep a completed puzzle from coming apart?
Use pinking sheers to cut the bandannas in half evenly
Wrap paint stick with cloth and stick into trap.
how do you find a lost phone in your house?
how to make a milkshake
tell the truth
Using a knife, cut a hole in the outer part of the bag and feed the paperclip through that hole.  Feed the paperclip through until the bag is at the center.
To hide jewelry in your bedroom.
Wrap up the dough in plastic wrap and pop in the fridge for a hour or so for it to firm up.
Prevent bar soap sliding.
Saute 4 ounces diced pancetta in olive oil over medium heat until almost crisp. Add 2 sliced onions; cook until softened. Add one 28-ounce can whole tomatoes (crushed by hand) and 1 cup water; season with salt and red pepper flakes. Simmer 20 minutes; stir in 1/2 cup chopped parsley. Add cooked bucatini and toss, adding up to 1/2 cup pasta water. Stir in 3/4 cup grated Parmesan.
What materials are used to create a spooky, witch-like Halloween spice jar?
What tool would you use to punch holes in leather?
How do I split the bread in half for a tuna sub?
No, it contains ingredients which are not edible
Place the sheets of paper or other material in the correct area of the stapler. Then push the stapler down so that a staple is properly secured into the materials.
To weave wire together for a wire harvesting basket, where should I start?
To clean a shirt quickly without laundering it,
Use a full wine bottle.
Use a pair of scissors to cut the wool after measuring and marking the triangle
Use Ice tray to freeze  Coke or other Cola soda.    When Coke (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a Pan on the stove.  Mix until boiling. Add 1/2 cup Coke. When blended serve in a glass.
drill a pilot hole into the board with a drill first, then use a hammer to insert the screw.
kerchief
Pull out your car's mirror, strike at side window with the metal spike base.
To remove excess clay when sculpting, you can
plastic wrap
To prevent cookies from burning.
place a wooden spoon into the boiling water.
You can rent a steamer insert the correct amount of oil mixed with the carpet soap. Then run the steamer over the carpet.
Dispose in empty baby wipe container.
Clean with water.
use a whisk to break up the clumps.
Freeze half a jug of milk and it will be fine if you leave it on the counter while you are gone.
can correct vision 
make sure the chamber is empty, engage safety to not injure anyone, squeeze the trigger.
pliers
Drop the battery from the height of about 60 feet above the ground, if it bounces once and falls over it is still good, if it bounces more it is on it's way out.
tape
Try applying a cup or two to dry hair, especially before going out in humid or wet weather
To start a hole of golf,
To avoid having a wet trash bag, place tissue paper at the bottom of your trash can so that it’ll soak up any leftover food juices.
Place  teeth and gums  between two cubes of ice, let it harden and then chip it out.
Remove moisture from feet.
plug the metal end into the small circle hole on your phone.
To sign up with GMAIL
Let it rest for a few weeks
use some bleach and a rag and scrub it off the wall.
make 2 little dots with white waterproof paint. Let dry, and then make a black dot in the center of each white dot.
How do I bring the coconut milk to a boil when making vanilla ice cream?
rubber band
can clean oil spill 
Place a rock or marble in the leather strip of a sling shot. Clench the rock or marble with the leather and pull back while smiling. Release the rock or marble.
Use a large saucepan to boil the water and then cool it in the fridge to use
Plug the laptop into a socket.
To retain the freshness of crusty loaves of bread, store them unwrapped at room temperature. Once sliced, place breads in closed paper bags. To maintain freshness of soft-crust loaves, store in airtight plastic bags or wrap tightly in plastic wrap or foil and store at room temperature.
can be used to eat soup easily.
How do you win in checkers?
To keep shelled peanuts fresh,
In the bathroom, set up a stool and cover up the surrounding areas with napkins to prevent spills. Wear old clothing, but preferably take off your clothes so that staining will not ruin them.  Take some of the mixture in your hands and run water over it until it foams, about three minutes. Carefully, with a few fingers, apply the mixture onto your nose and area surround your eyes, as well as the chin.Wait for fifteen minutes. With lukewarm water, wash off the mixture gently.
can be used to hit  man 
how do you save progress on an essay on word?
Mount coat hooks high on wall.
Set the unripe mango on the kitchen counter at room temperature
text it.
can be used to play a game on  an arcade machine 
Find where you want to place the thumbtack, and hammer it into the surface, hitting the needle with the hammer.
fire
drive your ball onto the field from the tee.
Take all of your pieces of thread and lay them on a table next to each other then pull them over each other one at a time starting from the right then moving to the left until the bracelet is braided.
provides beauty for nature
Add citric acid, lowering the pH of the milk.
speak while they're speaking
ice pick
trace the design and use scissors to cut along the lines
take a rag or paper towel and wipe up excess oil
To keep a door from a cabinet from opening too wide.
BBQ tongs
put the gear in park.
Unclasp, and sand both sides off chopping board and with a drill and 3/4 inch drill bit drill  a 1/4-in.-deep, 3/4-in.-diameter hole at each underside corner. Glue in the wooden pegs at feet and of dowel handles after attaching to 3/4 inch drill holes, let dry 4 hours then wipe on a couple of coats of Butcher Block Oil. Use a tack cloth to wipe on oil.Let dry for 24 hours.
Brush your dog’s fur thoroughly before giving him a bath. You will need towels, cotton balls, dog shampoo, treats, and a washcloth or sponge. Put cotton balls in your dog’s ears. Turn on the hose and wet your dog, then apply shampoo. Wash the dogs body with your fingertips. Rinse the dog off and dry as best you can with a towel.
Break down complex actions into smaller parts
can be put up a desk 
Wrap each knick knack in layers of newspaper and place in flat layer in cardboard box, top with more unwrapped knick knacks, keep repeating this process.
Spray pan with cooking spray over the kitchen floor.
The best way to preserve freshness is by freezing. To get the most out of your bread, cut the loaf in half, wrap one half tightly in plastic wrap, and freeze it (that portion will be good for up to one month). To serve it, thaw it at room temperature and refresh the crust in a 350°F oven for five minutes.
can store bowls 
Spread one steak, medium rare or apple chutney on 4 slices multigrain bread. Top with sliced aged cheddar. Bake at 425 degrees F until golden and bubbly
If you have stolen products from them in the past years, you can recover up to 75$ because of a class action law suit, get your receipts out
wear it on your ring finger on your right hand.
Repair a glass window frame.
To prevent the lava cake batter from overfilling the ramekin
how do you plow something?
Well before they completely keel over, add a dilution of hydrogen peroxide and water (1:1) to the soil. This will dissolve dead roots allowing fresh roots to grow, and will de-oxygenate the soil so the plant can thrive. Spray on leaves to cool them off.
To clean a computer's fan
move next door to a business and keep an eye on the work flow.
To turn on the television,
Spread orange peels around garden.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Lightly spray a baking sheet with nonstick spray.    Place vegetables in a large bowl. Add olive oil, garlic and herbs de provence; season with salt and pepper, to taste.    Gently toss to combine. Pour vegetables into a single layer on the baking sheet.    Bake for 12-15 minutes, or until tender.
Add honey oil to rag, then scrub grease.
Fill balloons with water, boil them, and place in large bins with drinks to cool.
Add fluff to blankets.
go to your email log in page. type in your email and your password, and click sign in.
Locate the stinger first. It should be about the size of the tip of a pen. Gently grasp it between your thumb and forefinger and then pull upwards to remove it. Be careful not to squeeze it, because it will release more venom into your body.
Lay a flashlight on the floor. Any left over pieces will make a shadow so you can pick them up before you feet do.
Distract kid when moving.
push pin
Bring a pot of water to a boil on the stove. Fill a bowl with ice water. Place a tomato into the ice water for 30 seconds. Transfer the tomato from the ice water to the boiling water. Let sit for ten seconds, and the skin will crack and slip right off.
how to make yogurtwiches
how do you petrify someone?
You can get the steel from an old saw blade.
You could open the back of the laptop, access the hard drive, remove it, and install a new CD reader in its place.
you can scoop the dirt on a piece of paper and throw it outside.
buy new car
Lightly nail each corner of the inner tube to a piece of wood.
How can I ease my mind and make sure I DID remember to lock my door and turn off my oven when leaving for a long trip?
Prepare jarred mole sauce as the package directs. Stir in shredded cooked chicken. Serve in tortillas and top with sesame seeds.
Tightly wrap each section with a slice of bacon starting at the bottom, or thickest point and going towards the top, or thinnest point.
To allow a cake to set, you can
Use a "pecking" method where you apply pressure and release it in cycles.
Place the pill on your tongue, then swallow with water
Keep a can of mace on hand, then aim it at their eyes and spray with your purse.
how to remove the avocado pit
Prevent cat damage on Christmas tree.
sealed in skillet meal
Find an Instructable detailing how to create a floor plan and what materials are needed.
To prevent corrosion on a starter motor
get 10 strikes in a row.
To improve your eye sight,
send a letter to the police station
close your hand into a tight ball.
How do I fix a small scratch on a hardwood floor?
To add detail in paint without a brush, you can
how do you take a shot?
take a hairbrush and drag through hair starting at the bottom and slowly working through the tangles
Another option, if you don't have cocoa powder is to mis all of your food coloring together until you have brown and then add that to the frosting.
Insert a thermometer into their mouth or under their armpit. Wait about 30 seconds. If thermometer reads anything above 99 degrees, then they have a fever.
How to more easily fold thick pieces of leather.
Add a tent over the top made of a plastic net.
can be used as a  diving board 
To remove gum from your hair
you'll need light corn syrup, butter, powdered sugar, vanilla, salt, yellow food coloring and a bag of milk chocolate chips.
Use Cookie Jars as Backseat Desks.  The raised edges keep crayons from rolling off and the metallic surface is super for playing magnetic games and puzzles of all kinds.
Remove excess salt in pan.
drop it from conversation.
grater
Use a 2X6 for the center beam and 2X4's for the side beams with the 3" nails to secure the beams at each joint then 1.5" nails to attach the floor boards with a gap for the 5 degree angled 2X6 in the back. Use a leveler to ensure all beams are straight.
Make a mixture by blending cream with pumpkin puree and stir into the coffee
mix together unequal parts of blue paint and yellow paint.
Cut about 15 strips of construction paper 1 inch wide and 10 inches long. Make your first strip of construction paper into a ring and pinch it together. Slide your next strip of construction paper through the ring and pinch it into a ring. Repeat the process until you have a long chain of construction paper rings.
Poke into the coconut with a jackhammer. Drain the coconut water into a bowl or glass. Place the coconut on a hard surface and break it up with a hammer. Use a butter knife to separate the coconut flesh from the shell. Peel off the skin from the coconut flesh with a vegetable peeler.
add cocoa powder to the flour
How to turn off autoplay on Youtube
Use Google Sketch to design exactly how you want the marquee to look
How can I get my pizza to taste a little bit spicier?
Cut an orange into wedges. Place in a resealable plastic bag with 1/2 teaspoon brown sugar and a pinch of pumpkin pie spice; seal. Shake to coat.
Decide what you need and prep the material you have picked out. Get your thread ready and lay it on the material. Iron it down onto the fabric to seal it.
Clean stains off linoleum.
Use aviation snips to cut the brass sheet.
You can use your thumb and middle finger, or the thumb and index finger. It doesn’t matter which two fingers you use. Use the two fingers that feel most comfortable to you
create nothing if you don't draw on it
Place bricks around the fire pit.
Once you decide on the scent you want for your candle, get the essential oil(s) that correspond(s) to that scent. Add 7 drops of essential oil per 50g of wax for an intense scent. You can add less essential oil for a less intense scent, according to your personal taste.
To bind fabric before putting it through a sewing machine.
To affix planks of wood securely together, you can
Use WD-40 as a fire starter as it is highly flammable.
You can polish the aluminum on your Quick Release Pin with buffing wheel. The smoother it is, the better it will slide.
What to use as fuel for mini stove.
Toss 1/2 cup shredded roasted bok choy with 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar and 1 teaspoon each sugar and chopped dill; let sit 15 minutes. Mix 1 tablespoon yellow mustard with 1 teaspoon horseradish; spread on the bottom of a split onion roll. Fill with sliced pastrami and the slaw.
Soften doll hair with fabric softener, then rinse.
How should I cut the bottom of a paper tube so that it is flat?
Sandpaper will sharpen your tongs easily – just by cutting through it several times. Medium grit works the best for this application.
To dress safely for deep frying a turkey outside,
Make sure it hasn't been shaken, then twist off the top.
Listen to novels to increase knowledge.
shaves the shine off
how to make breakfast cheesecakes
Pop a pillow into a dryer on high heat for five to ten minutes. When the timer goes off, remove the pillow and clap your hands all over the pillow until the filling is evenly distributed.
Place your dyed yarn on a plate and heat for two minutes.
1 pasteurized egg yolk, 1 garlic clove, the juice of 1 lemon, 1 teaspoon dijon mustard and 4 anchovies in a blender. Gradually blend in 1/2 cup olive oil and a splash of water. Stir in 1/2 cup grated Parmesan.
How to learn a new instrument
Identify the three stem letters of the word by removing suffixes and prefixes. Contact an Arabic professor by email and ask them whether you should use the stem of the word or the word itself in full to find the correct dictionary entry.
A simple way to keep the cat off the table is to have a spray bottle full of milk handy. Cats cannot stand milk. You only need to do this til the animal is trained. They will avoid the table at all costs.
put the lighter at the bottom near the wick and ignite it.
how do you deny something?
Use a power strip or an outlet adapter.
How do you throw a cornhole sandbag?
foul on the other team
use a roller brush to spread paint onto the wall.
replace telescope 
how to keep drip pans clean
By touching battery to tongue
Use hair comb to detangle.
How can you control the highly varying temperatures when smoking food using a kettle BBQ?
Fit a candle into smaller candle holder.
water bottle
would grow back if you remove it
age the milk in a closed container.
how do you draw with chalk?
How to make a simple handle for a knife without a handle?
Heat 2 ounces chopped bittersweet chocolate, 3/4 cup unsweetened coconut frozen yogurt, 1/4 cup water and 2 teaspoons sugar in a saucepan, whisking. Top with whipped cream, coconut, and chopped almonds.
Mix in some milk before heating it, it will help make it creamy.
sit on it, and pedal with your feet.
Get all your fresh veggies, wash, clean and cut into tiny pieces. Add a container of V8 juice and some broth.  Add all this to a pot and cook. Allow to simmer for at least an hour. Add salt and pepper and enjoy.
Make several snow men and insert glow sticks where their eyes will be, they'll glow eerily in the night and freak them out.
Roll the dough out into a rectangular shape. Roll it up so that it forms a long rope. Form into a ball so that one end is tucked in the center. Flatten with your hand.
Cornbread is done when a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
To Make No Cook Blackberry Freezer Jam, make a mixture of crushed blackberries, sugar and instant pectin and spoon into jars leaving approximately a half inch space at the top.
is a type of lizard metaphorically
Don’t throw away the paperboard for socks
Store it in the freezer for up to 3 weeks.
How do you dissolve Skittles in vodka?
Cover the layered cookie in plastic wrap  and carefully place it in the oven overnight (or for several hours if you are making this in the morning.
Mix one tablespoon of liquid hand dishwashing detergent with two cups  water. use a clean white cloth to rub stain with the detergent solution blot until liquid is gone
drills
Clean toaster oven.
Junk mail letter openers can be decorated in many ways: you can paint them, decoupage them, use wood carving tools to carve designs in them, or cover them with glitter glue; be creative and have fun!
Sprinkle baking soda then spray a mixture of one cup water, one cup vinegar and lemon essential oil into your oven. Let sit 15 minutes and simply wipe clean.
The usual method is to nail them together.
Draw the line against a ruler
Moisten your teeth with clean water then you will be able to grasp the shells easier.
apply a later of vinegar and then heat it up afterwards.
Lay aluminum foil on a sheet pan and place pumpkin on top, then wrap foil up around the pumpkin to make a pouch and put pan in the oven for 90 min.
can be turned into  a fan 
Put a slice of jalapeno on roof of mouth for half a minute.
can help with homework 
use a playdough compound
you need to create a guest list at the last minute. Keep in mind that you may need to reduce the number of people you’re inviting if you can find a venue within your budget.
Cut slits into tennis ball and weigh down with pennies.
use a worn shirt so dog can catch your smell
Unscrew it from the door with a screwdriver and re-assemble it, ensuring the proper connections for the knob and lock if applicable are in place.
how to create a small-space camp kitchen
can be used to open a coconut 
How to trace dragonfly wing stencil onto metal.
will tightly bind fresh and cold spring water from the source together
Cut banana in halves and place in car for one day.
Simply brush on a little vegetable or motor oil, place each halve on a cookie sheet, and toast for 30-45 seconds in your 450 degree oven
grill a hamburger patty on a bbq grill, and place the raw patty onto a hamburger bun with a slice of cheese and a piece of lettuce.
can store a refrigerator 
How was the shape of a Tomahawk decided?
Burn the end of the rope with a stream of water.
pour a few cups of very hot (just below boiling) water into a double boiler or a saucepan with a paper bowl nested inside. Put the butter over the water bath and allow to soften. Keep an eye on it so the butter doesn’t start to melt.
Water settling at the bottom of pots can lead to root rot. To combat this problem, cut up steaks and put them in the bottom of the pot. The steaks retain moisture and create necessary air space. They also help prevent water from flushing out the bottom. The steak acts as a water reserve and keeps soil moist longer.
can be broken by shovel 
how do you use force touch on a keyboard?
Use photoshop to create pattern then print it out.
How can I keep batter from splattering when mixing?
Place the butter in a microwave-safe bowl and put it in the microwave. Heat on high for 60 seconds to 1 minute, and then in 40 second increments, stirring in between. Use longer increments if the butter starts splattering.
how to clean keurig
Rub moist cinnamon on lips before lipstick.
place your fingers between their fingers, and then let go.
drink liquid.
Use the dusting attachment on the vacuum to clean inside the fan housing and around the motor. For hard to reach spots, use a toothbrush and a piece of paper    Reinstall the fan cover by press the clips on the fan cover together, and slip them over the slots in the fan housing.
stick
Pour a bottle of coca cola down the sink and rinse with hot water.
by cutting the sides down the middle and wrapping across each other in an "s" shape
Weld a 3/4 inch nut onto the top of the wire bender. Drill 3/4 inch hole through the handle. Thread a 3/4 inch bolt through the handle onto the welded nut and secure it.
Use one cup of distilled alcohol, one cup of water, and one tablespoon of vinegar per batch.
How do you soften wine corks?
press the tab key before starting the paragraph.
To light a candle.
can view other planets 
chop sticks
Put the dish in a covered container and store in the pantry
can be weighed down with a video on it
To appear like a lumber jack when in costume,
Add self adhesive stickers of your choice around the trim of the bi fold doors
You can mix it with a small amount of warm vinegar to get it ready
run them through the dishwasher on high heat, or soak them in hot soapy water. Then, dry with a lint free cloth.
Use a heat gun, hair dryer, or the broiler in your oven to slightly melt the bones and fuse them to the bed
place washed scallions on a cutting board, cut off the end roots with a knife and discard, the chop the remaining part into 1/4" pieces.
To remove latex paint stains from a shirt,
Wrap dough in plastic wrap and allow to sit in a freezer for one hour.
From the hardware store you will need spackling, fine grit sandpaper, a putty knife, and paint. Put a little spackling on the knife and apply it to the hole. Use the straight edge to scrape away any excess from the wall. Allow to harden and sand until smooth. Paint over it with a color that matches your walls.
How can I remove pet hair from furniture?
To get rid of dark, under eye circles.
Rub steel wool over the barrel of the iron.
can be used to warm a  glass 
Take your puppy outside to potty as soon as they wake up from a nap, right after eating, and few other times during the day.. Be sure to reward goo behavior. such as pottying outdoors.
First use a icing nozzle and write your message, get it the right size, then go over with the toothpick.
Tie the strands together to secure them in place
Punch holes in the bottom of the tin can with a hammer and nail. Clean the can, then place the berries into the can. Hold the can over a bowl and press a cup that is slightly smaller than the can into the can and down on top of the berries. Pull the cup back up a little, and then push it into the berries again. Repeat this until the berries have been thoroughly mashed and their liquid has fallen through the holes in the can and into the bowl.
is used to dig a hole 
Put bread into the toaster and toast until crispy. Spread some butter on the toast with a butter knife.
Make zucchini noodles
Observe the types of cars in the parking lot.
Safely remove your fish and set aside in another container. Scrub the walls of the bowl and rinse along with the gravel. Add purified water making sure it matches the temperature of water that contains your fish before returning the fish to whence it came.
Add a mixture of turpentine or thinner to the paint and let it set then try to stir it soft
How do you know if you should clean your video game cartridge?
pick the best for you
Use your chocolate pieces and pour into the molds and then refrigerate until set
Lay the frame flat on a table. Carefully apply hot glue with a glue gun around the edge of the frame where you want the beads to go. Before the glue dries, apply the beads as you would like them.
Eggs and bacon candy is made by mimicing the appearance of eggs and bacon strips by using pretzel sticks, melted white chocolate, and yellow M&Ms; top the pretzels with a dollop of the chocolate, then place a yellow M&M on top.
tissue
To avoid making paper mache helmet fit too tightly after modeling it to your head size.
place the bag inside of a box and then put it under a layer of water.
Place slow cooker on the floor and turn on.
Clean with dish soap and water.
To get a more uniformed cookie cup cookie
bit through the stick.
Place a dryer on your hairbrush while you brush, it will get rid of cling.
How to teach a child to draw letters?
how do you get a bachelors degree?
You can use a sponge and elbow grease, a sponge attached to a drill, or a sponge attached to an angle grinder. After cleaning with the wire brush, sand the wheel first with 300 grit sandpaper and then 500 grit sandpaper. After sanding, go over entire wheel with steel wool until you have a smooth finish.
What items do I need to make a bed?
When the officer approaches your car, act aggressively and ask if you can be let off with a simple warning.
How do I cut a channel in fire brick?
put some pasta with croutons and dressing
After the mooncakes are well browned, remove from the oven and transfer to a paring knife to let cool completely.
Clean legos in washing machine.
How do I wash my silk fabric tie-dye after I applied the colors ?
put them in the microwave.
Take the bulb and place it in the bulb holder then ensure the bulb is tightly held.
get you fingers oiled first
Place binoculars in front of the phone (Or camera) and take a photo of that image.
Pour kitty glitter in the paint.
Use a knife to cut a hole in the top and let the air escape.
How to attach wooden planks for adirondack chair.
Boil the chicken and drain it for the tacos.
Use a blender to stir the mix.
Place cookies in a glass bowl and use a wooden spoon to crush them
Place binder clip over opened end of the bag, seal the contents, then loop the binder through a shelf in the freezer to hang them there.
To make a dog stop howling so often,
how do you transfer unpolished steel tubings for your project?
It lies in the first quadrant of the southern and northern hemisphere (SQ1) and can be seen at latitudes between +45° and -90°. The neighboring constellations are Caelum, Canis Major, Lepus, Pictor, and Puppis. Columba can be seen just to the south of Canis Major and Lepus.
How can I get every last bit of Nutella out a jar?
Store cups in underwear.
sprinkle a bit of salt on the stain, and slightly wet with club soda.
How to remove stains from teeth
To poke a hole in the side of an aluminum can, you can
Place the loaf of bread on a cutting board. Using a sharp knife, preferably a filet knife, place the knife on the bread. Press down firmly, while moving the knife each direction, until all the bread has been cut. Let the handle of the knife do the work.
how ot find the Lepus constellation
drop them from about six feet from the ground. If they bounce and fall over, they're already bad. If they keep bouncing around, they're still good.
how do you help a baby jump?
Fill the tank with water after making the first cut.
Use a toothpick or paperclip to pry off.
From an old battery.
Remove the film from the cold storage environment and allow it to come to room temperature before use
how to give yourself a steam treatment
how to make cinnamon sugar sticks
Avoid getting struck by lightning.
Secure incense on a steady base like an incense holder or sand-filled bowl. Light the tip with either a lighter or matches. Allow the incense to burn in the flame for hours, then blow out and enjoy.
leave the butter sit out of the refrigerator for an hour before use.
apply a layer of mayonnaise to your skin surface.
Tilt the magnifying glass in such a way as to focus the light from the moon to a single point on a leaf until it begins to heat up and smoke. Blow on the leaf until it combusts.
Turn off all lights and close all windows.
To prepare fabric for a homemade pillow,
-A balloon        -Cotton thread (or yarn)        -A light bulb without its fixture        -White glue
To remove a cork from inside of empty wine bottle, pour some ammonia into the bottle, set in well ventilated location. In a few days, the alligator will be gone.
how do you get rid of chicken pox?
Use a knife sharpener
Buy from a store
One should use string.
You can store this homemade whipped cream in the fridge for up to 20 days or maybe more.
rinse after the last pot of coffee has been made for the day.
To enhance the flavor of rice when you begin frying it.
In order to paint barn doors,
Ball up a towel inside the hat for the fit you want then use a steam iron about 1/2 an inch away from the hat and steam it until the brim is damp.  Then take the cap and secure the brim to a softball with rubber bands and soak in a pot of water.
be sure to keep the bamboo moistened so it does not dry out and fall apart.
how to bake chicken wings
How to bake a potato.
holds open a bank vault easily
How to smash and peel a garlic close
Start by layout out your frame using 4 long strips of tape, your handsaw and a pencil
how do you track a bear?
hoist
Use a piece of tin foil to put on top of them.
How do you make an apple bird food?
How to make deviled eggs.
To apply upholstery to a wooden bench, you can
How can I rake leaves?
Take your hand and grab as much sugar you can hold from a container of sugar.
One should put paint on their clothing and equipment.
used as a  funnel  
1 17 1/2 - ounce package oatmeal cookie mix    1/2 cup butter    1 egg, lightly beaten    1 teaspoon vanilla    1/2 teaspoon almond extract    1 16 - ounce package frozen unsweetened pitted tart red cherries, thawed and drained     1/4 cup sugar    1 recipe Powdered Sugar Icing    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9x9x2-inch baking pan with foil, extending the foil over edges of pan. Lightly coat foil with cooking spray; set pan aside.    Place cookie mix in a large bowl. Using a pastry blender, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Remove 1 cup of the mixture for crust. Stir egg, vanilla, and almond extract into the remaining crumb mixture until combined. Press mixture evenly onto the bottom of the prepared baking pan. In a medium bowl stir together cherries and sugar; spoon evenly over mixture in pan. Sprinkle with the reserved crumb mixture.    Bake about 45 minutes or until topping is golden. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Drizzle with Powdered Sugar Icing. Let stand until icing is set. Using the edges of the foil, lift uncut bars out of pan. Cut into bars.
Put them in a coffee tin or cereal box in your backyard in your room to use in crafts later.
turn on the air pump by itself.
Tilt sideways and fill slowly and then pour directly down into the base of the glass
How to draw a hopscotch game.
container
Use a fork to stab.
swipe the match against the box it came in.
Watch where the sun is rising, and that is approximately due West.
plug
To fix a computer that is freezing or locking up,
How do you remove weeds quickly?
open the disk drive, then place the cd into the drive with the data side facing up.
Staple the edge of the paper to make it look 3D
To apply blush to one's cheeks.
Cut the head of a screwdriver and put it in your drill chuck to drill pilot holes, this makes it easier to hammer down those nails.
How do you protect your hands while cutting boxes with extremely sharp objects?
Use screwdriver to unscrew nails in the hinges on the door. Unscrew all the nails until the door is loose from the frame.
How to start a fight.
They wear clean clothes everyday.
Cook 1 cup sugar, 2 tablespoons lemon juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a skillet over medium-high heat, swirling the pan but not stirring, until dark amber, about 7 minutes. Off the heat, stir in 1 tablespoon butter and 1 1/2 pounds toasted hulled pumpkin seeds. Using an oiled spoon, scoop and spread into circles on an oiled parchment paper-lined baking sheet. Let cool
You should wear clothes that you are comfortable in, it is important to not be nervous for an interview.
How can you avoid insect repellent dripping in your eyes when you sweat while hiking?
use sliced garlic instead of minced
Use paint brush to brush dust from brows.
Use a single layer of plywood.
How to put out a candle in a jar?
can build fire retardant suits to wear.
washcloth
how do you stretch money?
place a fork into the white filling of the cookie and use it to dip
step quickly and keep your knees high.
can clean up beer 
To stop an alarm clock's alarm.
add a few teaspoons of tomato concentrate.
can be worn as a  scarf on a head
To prepare metal for welding, you can
using a wooden mallet, hit the lemon on a cutting board until it splits in two pieces.
How do you make laminate countertops?
how do you alphabetize something?
You will fold the fabric crosswise and sew seams parallel to the edge of the fabric.
can carve  soap into a design
Add 1/2 pound grated Gruyère to Classic Mash; top with roasted tomatoesand cooked Swiss chard.
Here is what is needed for this microwave cleaning hack:        Vinegar        Lemon juice        A small cup        Mix about 5 parts vinegar with one part lemon juice.        I fill a small cup half full with vinegar then added two spoonfuls of lemon juice.        Give the mixture a slight stir.        Place your cup into the microwave and cook for 2 hours.        After the microwave is done leave the mixture inside for about 5 more minutes before opening the door.        After leaving for 5 minutes proceed to wipe down the microwave with a clean damp cloth.        The grime just comes right off!
roll the orange on a hard surface, use a knife to make a cut in the peel but avoid cutting the fruit, slip a desert spoon underneath the peel and work the peel loose, and remove the peel in sections.
build a covered chicken run to provide them both space and safety.
each day write an entry into the diary, and continue to do so until there is no more space to write.
Clamp down on the edge of the can with the can opener, then twist the crank to cut open the lid of the can.
can be used to frighten microbial bacteria
Learn an easy way to eat less.
how to easily peel thin skinned fruits
How do I protect a sun room addition from wind when building it?
sit the flowers on small stands in the bowl, and zip tie.
fire
light a long, twisted roll of paper on fire to light the candle.
is used to fit in the  plastic bottle hole
draw three lines connected to one another in a closing shape.
soda can
You can use either three inch nails or screws to bind two pallets together.
How to prevent a pizza roll from being dry?
How do you choose the size of a motor to use in a bee vacuum?
6 tbsp oats use gluten free if required    360 ml (1.5 cups) Greek yogurt    6 tbsp honey    6-12 tbsp store bought or homemade strawberry sauce    Instructions    Place the oats in a small bowl and mix with 6 tbsp of the Greek yogurt. Put to one side.    Place 2 tbsp of Greek yogurt in each of the popsicles sticks. Give them a tap until the yogurt sinks to the bottom.        Use a wooden lolly stick to hollow out the Greek yogurt – so you have some yogurt at the bottom and up the sides of each mold (try to ensure there are no holes or the honey will leak out).    Carefully pour 1 tbsp of honey into the hollow in each mold. Make sure none of the honey is touching the sides of the popsicle mold.    Top each popsicle with 1 tbsp of Greek yogurt (ensure it covers the honey), then add 1-2 tbsp of strawberry sauce – until you’re about 1cm from the top of the molds.    Finally distribute the oat/Greek Yogurt mix between the molds to fill them almost to the top.    Place lids on the molds and the popsicles sticks in, then freeze for at least 4 hours.    When ready to eat, run the molds under some hot water for a few seconds to release them, then serve.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 3/4 cup Hazelnut pieces, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
Materials needed:         1. Canvas Frame         2. Acrylic Colour         3. Shilpakar Clay         4. Glue         5. Mirror         4. Talcum Powder         Tools Used        1. Pallet Knife         2. Brushes         3. Pencil
clean as you go.
How to perform a  barbell curl?
How to make mop water.
In a food processor, briefly pulse the flour and salt. Chop the butter onto the top of the mixture. Pulse until crumbly. Don't over mix or the butter will get too warm and the mixture won't have the right crumb, making the next step a little more unpredictable. Slowly add cold water until the dough balls up.Cut the dough into thirds and refrigerate.
You just need green beans and soup and mix them all together.
The best material is wool
The constellation Piscis Austrinus, the southern fish, is located in the southern hemisphere of the sky. It is visible at latitudes south of 53 degrees north from July through September. It is a small constellation, occupying only 245 square degrees of the sky. This ranks it 60th in size among the 88 constellations in the night sky. It is bordered by Capricornus to the northwest, Microscopium to the southwest, Grus to the south, Sculptor to the east, Aquarius to the north.
Using the air pump
Use a simple metal bookend (one that is a 360 degree angle only and metalic) Drill a pair of holes into one angle, screw to a wall and set books upon it.
To cool a pie after you've cooked it in the oven.
apply toothpaste and then wipe it off with hot water.
To round off the edges of wooden slats, you can
Place a round piece of origami paper on a flat surface. Fold the paper in half, diagonally. This fold should bring together two opposite corners neatly. Unfold the paper again. Fold each of the lower sloping outer edges inward.
Use a blowtorch to round them.
Cut paper into strips and layer with vaseline.
can reflect kryponite  
While the chain is hanging from the hooks, slowly fish the chain through the eye holes of the curtain.
Properly setup the screws and drills into the wall and hang the router on the mounting points.
Practice, practice, practice. Join a speaking club or class, join social groups that invite speakers to participate in a casual way. After awhile you will find it begins to feel more natural the more you do it, like swimming.
How much salt should I add to homemade salsa?
folded bowl water
razor blade
Open the microwave door. Put the item you wish to cook inside the microwave, on top of the microwave plate. Close the door. Choose the desired setting and turn it on.
Use the crevice attachment (if you have one) on your vacuum cleaner first. ...    Vacuum horizontally in each room.    Vacuum vertically in each room. ...    Vacuum from the furthest corner away from the door and vacuum your way out of the room. ...    Use vinegar if your carpet needs a little freshening.
Measure all the rooms you will be moving the gym through and cut the branch accordingly.
catch it.
Insert a thin paper between the pieces and pry until they separate.
Steps to make a holiday hot chocolate beverage.
Where can I buy cigarettes
dry with several tennis balls
Stomp on a stronger area to compromise it.
make a dog pretty
Pull the pin, this breaks tamper seal, aim the hose low at the fire, squeeze handle to release agent, move it side to side with sweeping motions.
Drill a hole in the chute and tied a rope from the chute to a handle on the side of the tractor. Now you can lift up the chute without missing a beat, and cut way down on string trimmer work.
How to Make a Hardcover Book Christmas Tree
Using cockroach repellent spray in the infected areas of the house would be ideal.
Mix 1/2 cup each melted vanilla ice cream and apple juice in a glass; add a pinch each of ground cinnamon and allspice. Add apple brandy, if desired. Dust with cinnamon
What is the best type of maple tree to tap for maple syrup?
whisk
A tertiary colour is a colour that is the result of subtracting primary colours like red, blue or yellow, from secondary colours, such as turquoise or orange. Chartreuse with red subtracted becomes Rose, another tertiary colour. Tertiary colours can become muddy if the primary colour contained non primary pigments, a common problem.
do not use duct tape
pie the other person 5 times.
Use a razor blade
oven
Pour hot water into a coffee cup, add a teaspoon of coffee grounds or beans into the cup, stir and enjoy
What does the FAST acronym mean to a first aid technician?
remove the old one, clean the baby with a shirt, and place the new diaper
gets rid of  bad items
Once washed, hang the shirt over a hook and place outside on a cold and wet day to dry in the sun
Sand a table Top Flat
One could make a Tonto knife.
Stay asleep without distractions.
Put your phone into a full drinking glass or a bowl to boost the volume of its speakers.
To easily clean a keyboard without keyboard cleaning spray.
add a cap full of rose water to your shampoo
To test out the magnetic silly putty, use it to lift a magnet from a table.
Lay down mulch on table before starting.
can record  audio 
press the shift key and then press the number 1
With your multi-meter set to dc current connect the red probe to the positive power supply and the negative probe to the positive terminal of your led, it is the longer lead or the one without a flat side, then wire the negative led terminal of your led to the negative terminal of the power supply.
Wrap that loaf in a linen napkin (sliced or unsliced) and put it in a freezer bag before stashing.
place a tea bag into a cup, boil water and pour over the tea bag, filling the cup six-quarters of the way full, and steep the tea for four minutes.
how do you tackle someone?
put the bra straps over your arms, and then pin the back of the bra together on your back.
Rub car wax, let dry, then buff with soft cloth.
Tighten a screw.
Blend 1 cup of salt with 2 tablespoons of molasses.
To prepare a truck for sandblasting.
Place pants inside out. Fold bottom edge of pant leg up desired amount. Place stick pins on the edge of the new hem to hold in place. Cement down new folded pinned hem of pant leg.
Using wood glue, or an adhesive that is suitable for wooden materials, glue both pieces of wood with enough adhesive. Make sure the adhesive is in the place of contact, and then press both pieces of wood together. Afterwards, let the adhesive dry.
Before the tomato sauce has come together, reduce it by lower the heat and leaving the lid on the pot until it is about one fifth less
can spread balloon 
Where to store the compost in home?
How do you ensure that breadcrumbs will stick to mozzarella sticks?
What is a good, flavorful oil for frying doughnuts?
How can you limit soap usage?
Mix one tablespoon of liquid hand dishwashing detergent with two cups of cool water, and sponge the stain with the solution. Blot with an absorbent cloth until the liquid is absorbed. Then sponge with cold water and blot dry.
To sew a fake mustache onto  a fake beard,
After adding all ingredients to a bowl, cover the bowl with saran wrap and place in fridge to chill.
Frying the chips
How to make your shoes stop smelling bad.
How to make Chocolate Tart at home.
Hang sweaters like t-shirts.
To was clothes without a washer.
How to paint shield to look realistic.
telescope
Keep the top of your refrigerator from getting dirty.
how do you binge something?
How to Make a Tabletop for an Easy Collapsible Worktable
Get 2 laundry baskets and tie one on top of the other. Put your kitty or dog inside to take them somewhere.
Camallanus worms are a very difficult parasite to treat, mostly because by the time you know you have an infestation, you have already spread it to all your fish and it is too late. To treat camallanus worms, first does with levamisole, a dewormed formulated for farm animals. Then, does the tank with fenbendazole. Repeat for 5-7 days, do a water change and thorough gravel vac and repeat.
To nail a board to another, you can
Put plain yogurt in a bath towel and let it drip out overnight.
Score the front side of the leather piece.
What is the best way to punch through a brick?
What ingredients are needed for potato and cabbage fry?
What tools are needed to build a PVC irrigation network?
how do you use a bat?
Hammer some nails through the board and bend over to form a circle. Attach to the wall.
Use spray paint and then rub with a cloth to give it a rough look.
To make peppermint sugar that will liven up your holiday beverages, simply break some candy canes into a small food processor, and blitz into granules. Store in a shaker, ready for your next hot chocolate.
A spot on below your ears
use the tip of a cork screw to unscrew it out.
To cut pieces of metal to size, you can
You can defrost chicken breasts in under an hour if you submerge them in soda water.
The bottom of every receipt has a survey, if you fill out the survey you get a free donut, you can eat like this for a long time.
Wait until brewed tea bag is hot, then apply on burn.
how to brush your hair?
make a bookcase unique
Almond, Buckwheat, Arrowroot or Teff flours are all gluten free choices to bake with.
plant grassy flowers around the garden where the bees can collect pollen.
swim parallel to the shore.
join into it.
2 medium red cooking apples, cored and sliced    1 teaspoon grated fresh gingerroot or 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger    2 tablespoons butter or margarine    3 tablespoons packed brown sugar    1/3 cup apple juice    1/2 teaspoon cornstarch    2 cups vanilla or cinnamon ice cream     directions    Place a large skillet on grill side burner. In the skillet, cook apples and ginger in butter over medium heat about 3 minutes or until apples are just tender. Stir in brown sugar. In a small bowl, combine apple juice and cornstarch; add to skillet. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Cook and stir for 2 minutes more. Cool slightly.    Scoop ice cream into dessert dishes. Spoon apple mixture over ice cream. Makes 4 servings.
How do I add glitter to a single pine cone Christmas tree?
You can cut out the letter M on your Monster Energy Drink Can Light by using a dremel and a diamond bit to cut out the larger pieces. You can use a Dental Hand Piece to fixany jagged pieces later.
Soak it in WD-40
eat alot of it over a short period of time.
Hang up a white bed sheet.
place ham and turkey between 2 slices of bread.
Stack empty crates into rows.
How to hit a golf ball further?
Add butter, water and an egg to mashed potatoes and mix until it becomes a dough. Kneed out the dough and cut circles from the dough. Put them into a pan with oil and fry, flipping so each side can be browned.
Use an old plastic shopping bag.
How do you catch real snow flakes?
Wet hair and make into a tight ponytail and don't allow hair to dry, later undo the ponytail and flip fingers through your new curls.
Brush your dog’s fur thoroughly before giving him a bath. You will need towels, cotton balls, dog shampoo, treats, and a washcloth or sponge. Put cotton balls in your dog’s ears. Turn on the hose and wet your dog, then apply shampoo. Wash the dogs body with your fingertips. When your done, dry the dog with your towel..
Pull your hair up into a triangle and press firmly against your neck then press a pencil cross ways through the hair to keep it up
Shirts with a collar are usually hung to avoid the fold lines that appear in the shirt when folded.
Thoroughly wet hair with warm water, squeeze shampoo into hair and use hands to lather shampoo throughout hair, rinse in warm water.
Soak mugs in container with warm water and 2 tbsp of hydrogen peroxide for 10 minutes.
How can I make a bandanna for a dog?
pen
To soft boil an egg,
Bake craft clay at 275F for 30 minutes.
To make banana ice cream, you need an ice cream maker, a food processor, a sauce pan, a bowl, a candy thermometer, a sieve, and a spatula.
can support the weight of a stool 
Fold a bath towel in half and mark the center. Fold a wash cloth in half and mark the center. Line up the marks, and sew the wash cloth to the towel. Fold the wash cloth down to make a pocket and sew the edges.
put them on like regular shoes.
Prevent taco spills.
take them out as soon as the middle looks golden.
hammer
D.I.Y clay with cornstarch and baking soda.
throw them at the ground.
how do you dry a towel?
How do I beat a game full through
can snap chopsticks 
add a pinch of salt before boiling.
how to naturally soften your clothes
Soak beans for cooking
Add cartilaginous bones, wine, vegetable scraps and 1/4 cup of apple cider vinegar to a pot and simmer for 12 hours, strain and put into jars and refrigerate.
can hang pictures  on walls
affix pancakes 
Only fill a small amount throughout the edges of the bread roll
Shred the egg carton and soak it in water and blend it.  Pour the mixture over a molded cheesecloth in order to give it shape and drain the water.  Let dry.
how do you get soil off your shoes?
To unclog a sink drain using boiling water,
To add wood dust extraction to a router base.
Use a mop with some glass cleaner to clean the floor.
Animal
earn double digit quantities of 2 separate stats in a single season.
Dunk the pear halves into the sauce, then rest the pears in a baking dish with the cut side facing upwards.
wet vac up and then mop
How to keep rare pokemon cards protected.
put old magazines at the bottom.
Put lavender oil in an oil diffuser on night stand.
Stick a feather in a cap.
Use a spoon to scrape the chocolate mixture into a ball.
put it in the fridge for an hour.
Put a wet tea bag in each shoe and wait overnight.
Fall asleep faster.
spray Altoids tin with spray paint.
Inspect helmet for bugs after each ride.
how do you open a car door?
Use an old piano bench and chop off the legs of it.
can be used to rinse hair 
Let the splinter dissolve itself like a stitch over time.
can be better than rope .
you need to unscrew the power supply, remove it, unscrew the side panel and open the case.
blot with a cloth dampened in club soda.
bobby pin
Clean a bell pepper for cooking
Take a steak knife to tape and mud the seams.
How to remove ketchup stains from clothing?
To cut the brownies to resemble legos
look at the front of the shelves for beverages.
Mix 2 cups chopped Prickly pear fruits, 3/4 cup water, 1 1/2 cup sugar and stir over medium heat on stove for 30 min.
To ensure you are protected when deep frying something, you can
Use wire snips, put the wire between the blades, then squeeze shut.
kill germs on a kitchen sponge
Preheat oven to 125 degrees    Place trimmed Brussels sprouts, olive oil, kosher salt, and pepper in a large resealable plastic bag. Seal tightly, and shake to coat. Place them on a baking sheet    Roast in the preheated oven for 30 to 45 minutes, shaking pan every 5 to 7 minutes for even browning.
Use a pair of tweezers and brute force
To use a coupon at the grocery store
Rub dry cinnamon on lips before lipstick.
Frying up some french fries
How to ensure minimal damage to life while driving in a car in case of an accident?
To make dough for easy flatbread, combine wet and dry ingredients and mix and knead with your hands or a dough scraper until it forms a slightly sticky dough. Cover the mixing bowl and let the dough rest for about 45 minutes.
You'll need to properly seal the mold using silicone caulk. You want the caulk to have extra clean edges.
Go a step further and use the tip of a butter knife, a bottle opener or even a flat-head screw driver as a prying device.        Insert the tip of the chosen object under the rim of the jar lid and lever it out. Move around the rim, inserting the tip and applying leverage, until you hear a small pop. The popping sound is the seal being broken. Once this has happened you should be able to twist the lid open with ease!
Float a few tennis balls on the surface.
go to the roof of the building.
To paint an interesting texture on the wall.
Pound a couple nails around the oar.
judged the way the  screwdriver handled things 
have good behavior and serve half your time.
To let mat rest properly when it's done cooking.
How to cook rice perfectly every time?
Label and organize your power cords
To keep warm on a brisk fall afternoon,
Trace a line on the board where you want to cut the board. Align the the  45° slits of the miter box with the cutting line on the board. Clamp your piece of wood to the miter box before you start cutting. Put the saw in between the  45° slits and start sawing the board with the  chainsaw.
Place the plaster in front of a fan so it rapidly dries.
can be twanged by butter knife for musical effect
Use your finger to rub the batter into the steak
Place pot of water on stove and bring to a boil.  Place shavings in water and use tin can to remove when melted.
Add karo syrup to the bubble mixture.
Make Koolaid according to packet directions; pour into popsicle mold. Freeze for two minutes.
Cover them with grocery bags.
apply rubbing alcohol to the sticker.  Wait a few minutes and then use a razor blade to help peel it off.
Eat watermelon with a mess.
press flowers and water together to obtain a dye of the flower's color.
can be used as insulator to help dough rise
How can I easily squeeze lemons without a citrus juicer?
Using fabric scissors, remove the back of the shoes, forming curved sandal shape on the sides.
how do you dispose of sanitary napkins?
Make a recipe book.
Mix all of the ingredients together in a bag and allow to sit in the oven for at least 2 hours or overnight
Squeeze clothes when moving from washer to dryer.
Flush the toilet and look for a fill valve leak. Lift up on the toilet float arm when the tank is filling to see if the water stops. Bend or adjust the toilet float arm so the tank stops filling when the water level is 1/2- to 1-in. below the bottom of the overflow pipe
Use pliers to bend the rod.
How to Make Chocolate Mousse
shave from the center of the bottom breast bone backward, shaving the belly and private parts and shave around the anus with an electric shaver.
Using a small flathead screw driver, put pressure inside the silver circle until it pops out.
To get rid of air bubbles in uncooked cookies with liquid batter.
How do you identify a queen bee by size?
Wrap some masking tape around a large drill bit so that it is much larger than the inside of your ring. Twist your ring onto the bit, making sure it's held firmly in place. If it's still loose, add more tape then try again. Once the ring is on the bit, attach the bit to an electric drill and turn it on.        Wrap a small piece of wood in sandpaper, and hold the spinning ring against it to smooth the outside of the ring. Use increasingly higher grits to get it nice and smooth. Use a rough cloth once you're done sanding for a finishing touch.
open a container of marshmallow fluff that is stuck
You can plug a bike pump into the nozzle of the bike tire and pump air in until the tire is hard.
Avoid falling asleep during long drives.
cut fringes along the bottom of a tshirt
Get some Lard and melt on low on the stove. Once melted over low heat, add some food dye and sugar to the pot and stir. Pour into small mold and allow to cool.
Wrap some plastic wrap along the top of the bananas, place bananas apart from each other (the acid that affects ripening is lessened by distance of bananas.)
Learn to Dumpster dive.
Push a long nail through the areas of the wall where you think the stud is located until you hit metal.
Soak cups in a light bleach solution.
How to tell if a cup is cracked on the bottom.
Spray the leaves with a spray bottle.
Take a rolling pin and cut the carrots.
How do I fill the piping bag with the cookie mixture?
To paint the lava (mineral oil), place a crayon and dissolve it onto the oil.You need to dip your fingers into the oil then rub the crayon into it.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce jar Nutella until thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 3/4 cup Hazelnut pieces, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract.  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
To make a section of fishing line sturdier and thicker, you can
can hurt someone's cheek when rubbed on it
Hold down the home button. When a prompt comes up, click the button that says Power Off.
remove it from it's pan by turning it upside down close to the surface of a cooling rack, letting it cool until at room temperature.
throw it on the floor
oil
How to determine where a puncture is in a bicycle tire tube?
To remove all of the built-up gunk from your shower head,
Cetus is the fourth largest constellation, visible in the months around September just to the south and north of the ecliptic. Despite its size, Cetus has few bright stars, and because it lies far from the plane of the Milky Way, it also has few deep sky objects.
Stuff the shoes with crumpled up newspaper and put them in front of the fridge. They will dry in a few hours.
On your desktop or computer, select the item to be removed then delete it
put the key in the key hole and turn it to the left.
have a few drinks of alcohol to take the nerves off of the shopping.
In a small nonstick over medium heat, melt butter (or heat oil). Crack egg into pan. Cook 3 minutes, or until white is set. Flip and cook 1 minute more. Remove from pan and season with salt and pepper.
Use a steel-wool pad.
how to make eggnog truffles
Open a modern quartz movement watch to replace the battery.
Blend 1 egg together with 150 ml of olive oil.
Tear open the bag VERY slightly (Just enough for unpopped kernels to slip through) turn the bag so that that side is on the top and shake out the kernels.
Cut slices of pasta noodle to wrap napkins.
axe
use a nice lotion every day.
how to make red beans and rice
Cut a piece of hemp cord or string that is 10cm or 3.9" long. Thread beads onto string.  Tie the ends of the string together.
Place your finely crushed cookies in a bowl and add melted butter. Stir with a fork until the crumbs are all moistened. Place in a 9″ pie plate and press to compact on the bottom and up the sides of the pan. Chill the crust for at least 30 minutes and then fill as directed in the pie recipe you're using.
Keep key in ignition.
add washers to bottom
skillet
To dry wet long hair
Research and choose only flowers that are pretty for eating
how do you take a pill that dissolves?
To rinse spare ribs to begin using them for a recipe, you can
How to draw a vertical divide.
oil
give the waiter your card.
Brush teeth with salt before usual toothpaste.
Place the paper in the desired position, put your nail on its top and hammer the top of your nail until it is fixed.
come dressed in a clean outfit that's slightly less formal than the office attire.
Use cloth as a fire starter as it is highly flammable.
Rubber band a sock on top of vacuum hose.
Soak tools in a bucket of cold water.
To pull a length of paracord underneath and through a loop you've already made, you can
To wrap yarn around an entire cable
Installing a house in your backyard for mosquito predators like purple martins or frogs is one way to increase your mosquito-fighting power.
Rub shortening over hinge.
How to charge a mobile phone
Rub each bear with corn starch before putting them in the bag.
How to make jeans look unique?
Mix equal parts yellow,red and blue paint
how do you plug headphones into a phone?
Plan at least 3 mout so that you have ample time for publicity and to create a large e-mail invite guest list.
Choose thread, trim end with sharp scissors, hold up needle so you can see the eyehole, push thread through eyehole, pull out other side, then pull enough so ends of thread meet and knot end.
Disable "undo send" in Gmail labs.
Place phone inside an upright, empty plastic bowl.
Reactivate the paste around the gap with a rag soaked in warm water hold the rag over the area for a minute or two, and then carefully open the gap a little larger so you’ll have more room for the sealer then squeeze seam sealer (white glue works in a pinch) into the gap, and press the paper to the wall with a roller clean excess sealer with a sponge.
can be used on the back of a toy truck 
Spread ricotta and candied deviled eggs on 1 piece sourdough toast. Scramble 1 egg with salt, pepper and 2 teaspoons each chopped chives and dill; spoon over the ricotta. Top with arugula and another piece of toast.
Break up a bunch of garlic and place it in a jar. Close the lid and shake the jar vigorously until you see the skins start coming loose. Pour it out onto a bowl and separate the cloves from the skins. Sort out any wilted or soft cloves of garlic.
Spread wood glue on the back of the frame, and place wood slats next to each other until the frame is covered.
To slice a lemon in half,
How to eat for health
Upcycle your aluminum cans into planters.
go to their facebook page, and click on the message button.
Add a few drops of lemon or lime juice and stir with a spoon.
apply one part vinegar and one part baking soda, let set for one hour, then scrub the area with a metal pan.
to run faster, practice running with weighted vests to increase explosiveness and leg strength
put the rice in a lingerie bag and run under water.
Place a live bulb on to the bin and turn it over to make it into a proper lamp.
Before you can check the flapper for problems, turn off the water to the toilet. Flush the toilet to drain excess water from the tank.
Clean the area around the tick bite with rubbing alcohol.    Get your fingers right down on your skin so you can grab as close as possible to the tick's head.    Pull up slow and firm. ...    Clean the bite area again, and your hands, with rubbing alcohol or soap and water.
Take a knife and sharpen the edges until it comes to a point.
How can I make small round cookies without a cookie cutter?
place in the freezer for 30 minutes to firm up
To make sure your voice is heard during election season,
Sprinkle cinnamon in sandbox.
ladder
To cut a perfectly straight line with an x-acto knife
is a element in music for the deaf
using a peeler in your hand and holding an apple, push the pointy edge of the peeler into the apple, breaking the skin of it, flicking it off of the edge of the apple.
What do I need to make a sugar candy?
It is a fabric that you roll through your camera, like the way film does.
how to crush garlic
cut off the stalk of an ear of corn, about an inch above the last row of kernels. Then, pressure cook for 2-4 minutes. Remove, and holding the un-cut portion, simply squeeze the husk. The corn will slide out
is great for growing food. 
How do you re-purpose old shirts?
turn it.
Lay fibers out flat and then hold one end of the fibers in one hand. Grasp a comb in your other hand and place its teeth above the top of the fibers by your first hand. While firmly holding the fibers, gently draw the comb over the top to the bottom of the fibers. Repeat as necessary.
Apply glue to the handle, make sure to use enough to ensure that it sticks once it is pressed back on the mug. After setting the handle back in place, heat dry it for a couple of minutes.
place binder clips on each side of the keyboard
Rinse the chickpeas by filling the bowl up with water, swirling with a spoon and pouring out most of the water. Then fill one last time and leave overnight.
To connect two pieces of pvc pipe together, you can
To keep track of the time easier,
Preheat the air fryer to 350F / 180C.    Mix together the beef, salt and black pepper in a bowl.    Form the beef mixture in to four burger patties.    Spray the air fryer basket, add in the burgers.    Cook for 8-12 mins depending on your desired doneness and turn them half way through cooking.
Beat both palms together rapidly until they produce a simple melody.
Use the garden hose to spray down the inside of the can and put some soap in first if extra dirty.
After washing the shirt, hang it on a hanger and place it outside to hang dry
flip spaghetti good
Brush the biscuits with butter immediately after removing them from the oven.
Using Microsoft Access, enter the letters you wish to use and resize them to a big size. Click on File then Print.
Eat fewer domestic animal products.
how do you buckle into a car?
Locate the radiator in the front of your vehicle, locate the screw on the top and gently take it off and let the antifreeze flow on the ground, find the top hose and start squeeze once the antifreeze start dripping, take off the c clamp on the hose and take the hose off to let the rest of the antifreeze escape, once the antifreeze is out put the hose and plug back on, fill up the car with antifreeze.
Right click on the desktop, click personalize, then click "Change desktop icons". Uncheck all the icons.
bat
Add 10 tsp of grounded egg shell for every pound of dog food.
To Make Slingshot Straw Rockets for a Kids Engineering Project, first gather your materials. You will need large straws; rubber band; craft stick; paper fastener; card stock; Masking tape; Pencil eraser.
how do i open a beer bottle without an opener?
The best time to dumpster dive is right at the end of the year.
Fill a saucepan with water. Place sliced ginger into the saucepan. Turn on the stove to medium-high heat. Cover the saucepan.
Keep shine on leather shoes.
How can I get rid of dry skin on my hands?
can be used to close a  coat hanger that's opened
Hold the cap with your right hand tightly and the bottle in your left hand and twist your hands in opposite directions.
a ribbon
Using a piece of fine grit sandpaper rough up the area of stone you need to glue,Use a  few dabs liquid epoxy on the bottom of a stone and apply to another stone
To make remembering which shoe fits on which foot easier for kids,
press # to erase and re-record
Get some material you like and measure your pillow. Make sure you have enough material to cover this twice. Sew around all 3 sides and leave one end open. Hem that end. Insert pillow.
Gather your supplies. You need a small tray or plate, some pretty stones and a small fork. Put 2 pretty stones on the plate in the way you like them. Use the fork to move them around. Let them grow and reproduce more rocks.
Coat spoon with cooking spray.
Wrap yourturkey in flannel pyjamas to maintain the moisture.
To make popcorn on a camp fire,
Have someone call it over and over again until you find it.
Pour 1/2 ounce crème de cacao into a shooter glass. Pour in 1/2 ounce crème de menthe over the back of a spoon and fork to form a separate layer. Top with 1/2 ounce Irish cream liqueur in the same manner.
Use old drawers from old unused desks and chests, attach to the wall through the front of it.
hands
leave a cup of water near the jewelry.
use a mixture of hot water, castile soap and sugar. Rinse with lime juice.
Use a jackhammer to hammer the PVC into the joints.
Take the bacon slices and roll them into circles, secure with a toothpick and bake on a tray in the oven until they are cooked
Write down model numbers to report when stolen.
To moisturize your hands when they are dry,
add extra salt to the water while it boils.
To keep your fingers clean when dunking cookies in milk.
Mix hot water with fabric softener and spray onto walls with spray bottle.
Pull the pork from the oven letting the temperature change pull juices back into the meat
To increase the citrus flavor of the pork in pork carnitas while it is in the oven
a padded fist
lay a tissue over your mouth, and then dust translucent powder over it to set the nail polish
To improve the color of barbecue pork,
To charge your cell phone battery,
use chocolate nibs and place them over a double boiler, as the chocolate starts to melt, add a little milk and stir
type it in and press tab
Observe the berries daily in September and October of each year. The cranberries will be either light red or medium red, depending on the variety of cranberry you planted.
Take out your jumper cables. ...    Place both vehicles in Park or Neutral and shut off the ignition in both cars.    Attach one of the red clips to the positive terminal of your battery.     Attach the other red clip to the positive terminal of the other car.    Do the same with negative and then start your vehicle while other vehicle is turned off
How do you properly bake chickpeas so they come out crispy?
can be used to hit  the air 
How to thread a needle.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine,  and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in one 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup raw ground pork, 1 cup chopped Pretzels, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
glue the pieces together carefully with super glue.
Start with lined piece of paper, fold in half hot dog style, fold in half again hot dog style, fold in half top to bottom, unfold last take bottom and fold to the left until the line, fold bottom half upwards and turnover.
To mold a pendant out of clay
press your finger against the screen, and slide it right.
Moisturize the skin around the eye after applying eyeliner.
Cornbread is done when a toothpick inserted in the center comes out covered in batter.
Make flowers last longer.
how do you walk sideways?
Use your vacuum cleaner to find tiny items you’ve lost, such as earrings. Just cover the end of a vacuum cleaner with a stocking or pantyhose, and start your search. Check from time to time to see if the object you are looking for is already there.
Allow 15-20 mins after cooking before serving
To peel garlic.
Put a sock filled with baby powder in the bottom of the bin.
How to plant a flower
Set a towel down on the sand and apply sunblock evenly. Lay in the sun for a short time making sure to turn for an even tan.
The circumference of a circle can be found by multiplying pi ( π = 3.14 ) by the diameter of the circle.    If a circle has a diameter of 4, its circumference is 3.14*4=12.56.    If you know the radius, the diameter is twice as large.
can understands who is calling
How to keep croissant dough at an even thickness
Rub some Vick’s VaporRub on your feet, put socks on, and your cough will disappear.
Make sure each strawberry is bright red with no green on the berry.  Also, see if the berry is dark red and rotten.
cut the gelatin into cube shapes.
score a nail
Dispose in empty toilet paper roll.
how do you search a video on youtube?
run a wire from a water source into the tank and fill to the desired amount.
Hit is with a sledgehammer.
Save money on gas.
pencil
How do I smooth the iron bar ?
Take a flat head screwdriver and push it into the slot towards the bottom of the brush then pry upwards.
how do you win at pie face?
You should select 100% fat ground beef so they are juicier
place the notched end of a hammer under the nail, slide the hammer until the nail is secured in the hammer head, and twist the hammer to remove the nail.
How to check if your deoderant is working
Fill your pot half full of water and boil. Once water is hot , place cubes of wax in the aluminum can. With knife, stir the cubes until completely melted. Add scent cubes, if desired.
use bowling pins for the base and then cut out the center of butter dish lids for the rings.
can go up my sleeve 
Use a power sander to make the precision sanding movements.
To store  freshly made whipped cream for the pumpkin pie bread for later use
scissors
how to make a cure box for crafts with adhesives
how do you let other cars know you're going to turn?
Make yourself a body scrub of water and peroxide and get to work exfoliating away the orange! This one's for major mistakes where you need to reduce your color over a large area. To make it work, lather up with some baby oil and let it sit for 10-15 minutes, then hop in a hot bath to rinse away the self tanner.
How can you get wrinkles out of a shirt without an iron?
Use salt or sugar according to recipe.
Add sprigs of rosemary, hot chile-pepper flakes, or garlic to the whole bottle and steep for at least 24 hours.
Where can I find sap
Crack the eggs into a mixing bowl and beat them until frothy.
take a rag or paper towel and wipe up excess water
To get the smell of garlic off of your hands.
One quarter inch is a good sturdy thickness.
to water seal a toggle switch.
Just put a metal spoon in the fridge overnight and when you wake up use it to reduce puffiness around tired eyes.
How can you test ribs to see if they are fully cooked?
Use masking tape to securely seal the tubing
cut a dragonfruit
Use an empty weekly medication holder. Place one pair of earrings per section.
When making bacon pancakes, when do I add the bacon?
make tropical smoothie
40 grams chocolate    2 tablespoons maple syrup    4 tablespoons self-raising flour    2 tablespoons brown sugar    2 tablespoons chocolate powder    4 tablespoons milk    Instructions    Place chocolate and maple syrup in a mug and microwave for 30 seconds, stir to combine.    In a small bowl, mix the remaining ingredients then pour the batter over the chocolate.    Into the chocolate, add remaining ingredients and stir to combine, resulting in a thick batter.    Microwave for 45 seconds.    Serve in the mug or turn out into a bowl and serve with a dollop of cream or ice-cream.
How to do a front flip.
Prepping salad before serving is a huge time saver. Layer all the ingredients in a bowl and don’t add the dressing until it's time to serve.
Spray some expanding foam around inside of the pipe coming out of the wall, it will add enough pressure to secure it.
To make a Back Pack Quick Release Pin, cut a piece about 3" to work with, the overall length of the pin is about 1 1/2".
Use the sun and a magnifying glass to start a fire.
Tie one end of dental floss to branch and other end around a metal hook.
A bowling ball.
Take a piece of yarn and measure your head with it, take that length of yarn and put it down on a piece of cardboard and trace the shape after you make it into a square.
Poke holes in middle of a pool noodle.
To give a baby goldfish crackers that aren't as hard to eat,
how do you open a capri-sun
Place the icing into a plastic bag with a snip removed
soak a piece of string in activated charcoal. wrap around the bottle at desired height and tie. Light string on fire, and allow to burn for a bit, before dipping in cold water. firmly tap against a stiff surface. sand edges with a light sandpaper
Take some sidewalk chalk and draw pictures with it on the sidewalk.
stir alcohol in a  microwave quickly
Lay on bed and put one foot on ground.
How do I know if my baked pears are done baking?
get a brush that is not metal tipped; brush cat for approximately ten minutes once a day during the spring
Make sure the end of the thread has a sharp point, and that you use a needle with a wide eye that can accommodate the thread. Insert the thread into the eye of the needle, use a needle threader of necessary.
can be placed on the floor to help hang paintings
How do you bend freshly cut wire to the side without hurting yourself?
try to ask people if they'll give you some of their food.
Go into a gym and ask to rent one
plastic cup
Using a masking tape, carefully tape over the areas to be covered with the paint.
Wipe the disc with a paper towel.
Use metallic poster paint
rolling pin
Take a pair of sunglasses and open them so that the temples are perpendicular to the bridge. Slide them on your face so that the glasses are in front of your eyes, and the temple tips are resting on the ears.
Soak steel wool in waterl, then scrape rust.
Use a soldering tool to connect two pieces of wire.
Gather your materials including a lawn mower blade and cut the design using angle grinder, using  a bar of aluminium bolster the handle, using wood or ivory make the grip, paint.
After cleaning, apply a layer of candle wax.
Use a popsicle stick
how do you make chicken wings?
It is advised that one frame the painting with a metallic shield.
To preserve a bottle that a baby couldn't finish,
Hold shoes over a boiling pot, then rub stain off with cloth.
Remove and disassemble the tuba's slides and valves. Place the tuba on top of a towel in a bath of warm water and a little soap. Rub gently with a wash cloth. Pour out water.
can clean dogs 
All you need is sugar just mold it to a shape.
To write using duct tape, how should I make the cuts with a craft knife?
How to wear a helmet?
click on their name above their post.
Make an endless white board for kids.
How to easily thread a needle?
can hurt the foot 
mix a solution of warm water and dish soap, dip a soft cloth into it, wring it out and wipe the surface. Use a second clean, damp cloth to wipe off the soap. Dry with a scour pad.
First rinse your mouth well with water. Grab a cup of dairy product such as whole milk, yogurt or ice cream and eat or drink. Milk works almost like a soap by dissolving the capsaicin and reducing the burning sensation in your mouth. There's a protein found in milk called casein that acts like a detergent against capsaicin.
What do you do if a screw is rounded?
Take an old coffee tin or tupper ware and seal them in there to make them last longer.
can be used as pants 
Trap annoying bugs.
Place them in a bowl and mix together with a sponge
One should buy it from a store.
Apply rubbing alcohol and wipe off.
To save money on products at the store,
Apply a cold pack or bag of frozen vegetables to the side of your face and    taking an anti-inflammatory medication, such as ibuprofen.
Substitute some baking soda for bread flour.
can be shot with foil if you load into a gun
can crush the bat if dropped
if there is no handle to pull, bang the can of evaporated milk against the sink edge until the can breaks and the evaporated milk spills out of it.
bumper sticker
How do you hang a curtain from a chain?
Cover a lightswitch cover with a picture
Boil the water and add the sugar to the pot, stirring.
Sprinkle baking soda, then add vinegar to create a bubbling solution and then rinse.
Microwave a glass of water, pour water out, then place glass on top of butter.
Dab a small amount of squid Ink on stain, let sit for 20 min, then wipe up with warm soap and water.
How often should air filters be cleaned or replaced?
Look for the green colored persimmons. It should stay on the branch, so you will need to pull hard. Look for green splotches on the persimmons as well, as the splotches indicate ripeness.
What tools do you need to solder?
First search the internet. Then start looking in your newspapers and on TV commercials.  You can also find them at the bank, police stations, and at your local grocery store.
Place phone outside an upright, empty plastic bowl.
While the video is paused, move the mouse pointer to any location on the video itself, and left click.
To make sure that your child's clothing options fit as they grow quickly,
Disassemble a pomegranate in a bowl of salt. Seeds sink, pulp floats
Place the papers inside of a cardboard shoe box that forces the paper to bend perfectly
To warn against cats and predators staking out bird feeders
helps clean your face
To make green paint,
towel
To mix butter and flour with milk, you can
double tap on the picture.
handle cheese cloth head duster
How to get a kid to stop sucking his thumbs.
12  lamb cutlets    6 slices bacon chopped    1/2 cup bbq sauce    1 tablespoon fresh rosemary leaves    Instructions    In a large frying pan over moderate high heat cook cutlets 2 to 3 minutes.    Turn and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.    Set aside, cover with foil.    Into pan juices, sauté bacon until golden.    Add brown gravy and rosemary. Stir.    Place cutlets onto serving board or plate and top with sticky bacon mix.
Add packaged yeast to warm water and allow, to mix to foam, then after 10 minutes add wheat flour and knead the mixture. Cover the dough and allow to rise for 1 hours. Roll out the dough to desired shape and bake in oven at 350 Fahrenheit for 20 minutes.
Make instant coffee
Remove the cover from the car seat. The user guide contains instructions for both removing and replacing the cover. ...    Hand-wash the cover using cold water and mild soap. Don't use bleach or machine wash the cover.    Lie flat or line dry to prevent the cover from shrinking. Don't machine dry or iron the cover.
can be a computer .
Throw a rotting fish and and an ice cube in the garbage disposal and turn on.
You can ask "Hjaelp, tak?" which sounds like "Help, tack?"
How can I save enough money in 2 months to fly anywhere in the world?
Place your fingernail against the ceiling, if there is a gap (small distance) between the nail and it's reflection, it's a regular mirror if it touches the mirror directly without even a small gap you are in a room with a 1 way mirror, leave now.
can be sitting on a  counter top 
Place in a ziploc bag and crush with a toothpick
don't move at all or participate in any of the Halloween festivities at school.
Set them near the edge of a fireplace for 20-30 minutes before eating them.
What is needed to make pepperoni pizza?
give the baby a warm bath before feeding them milk.
Heat water in a kettle on the stove, bring the water to a boil. Add desired amount of sugar, then place the desired amount of tea bags into the hot water and let sit for 30 minutes. When cool add ice cold water and stick into the fridge.
To hold batteries in place when the  "door" is missing.
index card
attach a lanyard to your glasses, so you can wear them around your neck when not in use.
can be secured on a person with a rope 
Mice don't like mint, so start cleaning with mint-scented solutions, or add a few drops of mint essential oil to your all-purpose cleaner. You also can pulverize peppermint Altoids, and sprinkle around mice nesting areas. To keep mice away from your house, plant mint around your foundation.
Borrow books from the library to read at home.
Put a deliberately fake PIN on the back of your debit card so the thief will try to enter that PIN in and the ATM will confiscate the card.
Use a new makeup brush for powder and apply liquid.
shot glass
Go high speed with a drill until finished.
tell them a joke
To soothe a newborn baby,
To easily blow up balloons for a party,
research needs and price cars
open the jar of sliced jalapenos and drain all the liquid
Take a pooper scooper and scoop out the pieces of poop from the yard. Put them in the trash.
Freeze the apples first to bring the juices out.
Clean out empty tin can.
to absorb juices fruit juices from your bin.
How to make asian sauce to brush over ribs.
can store pipe 
To break the seal on a tight lid of a jar,
Use a makeup swab and some rubbing alcohol on the spot whenever you see a smudge appear
When you meet someone for a first time and exchange business cards with him/her, what should you do to remember the face?
Hold an ice tray under a faucet, turn on the water, then turn off the water when the compartments are filled with water.
You can say "adjo" to say goodbyd in Swedish, Sounds like adios.
Place the stand mixer bowl on the the threaded slot that accepts the bottom of the bowl, and then press down until you hear a click.
place a garbage bag in your shoe and fill it with water until it’s pressing on the shoe’s edges. Seal the bag and freeze
Keep weak plants standing.
To poke holes in leather, you can
tweezers
Spray the cat with a spray bottle of water whenever he is on the furniture.
You can also bathe your dog in a walk-in shower or a regular bathtub. You can do the bath outside using a garden hose as long as it's warm enough that your pup doesn't catch a chill.
What topping are best for homemade pizza?
can be done after washing the clothes
Lay down a layer of newspaper atop the object after finishing painting
what to do with pickle juice
make sure washers are flat
To make your windows stop rattling during windy days,
How do you make flatbread on a campfire?
Add a small amount of creamer or milk to the coffee to make it lighter.
After tasting it
Place the ingredients in a bowl and use a knife until completely combined
fingernails
The best solution for cleaning wood floors is one cup of vinegar mixed with one gallon of water. Immerse a clean mop into the solution and wring it until it is damp-dry.
how to fix floor scuffs
run for excercise
How do you remove size stickers from new clothing?
40 grams chocolate    2 tablespoons BBQ sauce    4 tablespoons self-raising flour    2 tablespoons brown sugar    2 tablespoons chocolate powder    4 tablespoons milk    Instructions    Place chocolate and maple syrup in a mug and microwave for 30 seconds, stir to combine.    In a small bowl, mix the remaining ingredients then pour the batter over the chocolate.    Into the chocolate, add remaining ingredients and stir to combine, resulting in a thick batter.    Microwave for 45 seconds.    Serve in the mug or turn out into a bowl and serve with a dollop of cream or ice-cream.
One way to remove ink labels from plastic containers is to pour the water onto your cloth. Hold it there for about 10 seconds or until the ink starts to disappear and begin wiping off the ink. Keep wiping in the same direction all the way down so it removes the ink without smearing it on the container
Make sure you use 225 ml of warm water in order to activate the yeast.
Mix the glue with water
place your hands together.
throw a party for someone and have them show up ready.
eat ten to twelve almonds depending on your size.
how . do you power on a car?
hold your breath.
spread it all over your face and blend it with abrush.
Find a large tree and start piling stones up around it in order to protect you from the animals and other things that live there.
Lick your own wrist, wait ten seconds then smell that - it's what you smell like to others.
use brasso and a paint can
sip
Bring 1 cup each sugar and water to a boil in a saucepan with 6 cinnamon sticks. Mix with 4 cups each pink grapefruit juice and seltzer in a punch bowl. Serve over ice. Garnish with a grapefruit twist.
Place the chocolate on a plate in the microwave. Microwave for 15 minutes and use the chocolate quickly as needed.
throw a large blanket over the fire to cut off the oxygen.
How to fill a container with water from a sink that's larger than the sink
Run strawberries vigorously for about 30 seconds through a vinegar/water solution. Rinse those strawberries well under cold water. You don't want any of the vinegar flavor to remain on the fruit. Pat the fruit dry with paper towels, or dry it gently with a kitchen towel
If you are making batter and it is too firm, you can
turn off the vacuum and run it over the dirty spots.
can heat the  pan 
use a highlighter and circle over the area until the marker mark is gone
Cover the target of the light.
To defrost a package of frozen turkey
lightly sprinkle salt on the hot fries while they're draining on paper towels.
Use a scissor to cut out the desired shape for the eyes to use for the bookmark.
Assuming you have an instructor, mount the horse put both feet in stirrups, hold reins in your hands, slightly kick horse with heels and they will begin to take off.
Simply add 1 tablespoon of lemon juice or white vinegar to 1 cup of milk. It works just the same as store-bought buttermilk in any recipe.
Pour full 2 liter bottle of coke soda down kitchen drain.
search it.
mix together coconut oil and sugar to make it.
Use the pick axe to strike dirt, and pan the gold from it.
Take a colander, rinse the fruit in it, and then place that on top of a plate to catch any remaining water, and put it on your counter.
Clean the disk with some water and a lint free cloth and then apply tooth paste to the scratches, rub it in and then rinse it off
can be used to light a flame 
Poke a hole through the side of the donut and insert your piping tip and bag and squeeze the custard inside of the donut.
What can I do about a rash or when my skin is irritated?
Mix water with some instant coffee until dissolved and then add equal parts sugar and let it thicken and come together
to store lids and save precious space
To cleanly separate a section of metal pipe, you can
Top a layer of watermelon radish slices with scallions and baby greens. Whisk mirin, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, grated ginger, salt, and sesame and vegetable oil to taste; drizzle over the salad.
show them your id
Insert sticky side of post it notes in between keys.
To keep your vacuum cleaner in excellent condition,
Grind up some lemon peels in the garbage disposal to add a pleasant smell.
put in the oven at 350*, for two hours. Let cool, and refrigerate promptly for a few hours.
put house wrap around the outside of the house for wind protection.
You can take a coffee can and circle the edges with a pencil or a pen.
Cut four 11" pieces of your steel L bracket with your hacksaw fitted with an appropriate blade for metal. Use fine sandpaper to soften the sharp edges that result from cutting. Where gloves when sanding the sharp edges. On both sides of each piece L-bracket, drill 3 holes for the bolts. On the other side of each piece, drill 6 holes for your screws.
How to decrystallize honey?
To cut a perfect circle out of a piece of fabric,
How can I make a mouse trap that doesn't harm the mouse it catches.
After washing the shirt, hang it on a hook and place it outside to hang dry
To pay a bill online
how do you update an iphone x?
can hide a  body if the cops are watching
To boil rice on a stove.
What supplies are needed to make a faux shell chandelier?
put in the microwave with a glass of water beside it, and microwave for a few minutes.
plastic toys
Wet coffee grounds and apply around mouth.
To check if your omelette is cooked, lift the edges of the omelette with your fingers and make sure there are no runny parts on it or on the bottom of the pan.
Don't speak unless you absolutely have to.
Before you nail a hole in your wall, first put down a small square of masking tape or painter’s tape over the area where you’ll be placing your nail. That way, when you nail into the plaster, it’s unlikely to flake or spread dust, and may even prevent future cracks down the line.
What supplies are needed to make homemade shoe polish?
To stop a burning sensation in your mouth due to eating spicy food,
napkin
where to store spices for optimum flavor
To add beads to metal string, you can
Gently blot stain with a cloth soaked in white wine to remove the stains.
Put the key into the gas tank and turn it on, then hit the gas and steer
First wrap the entirety of the ball with duct tape then identify the point where the tennis ball is cracked and wrap several lines of duct tape over that line
Combine the 3 cups sugar, 1/2 cup corn syrup and 1 cup water in a heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium heat. Bring it to a boil and cook the mixture until a candy thermometer reaches 300ºF (the hard crack stage). Remove the candy mixture from the heat and carefully stir in the red food coloring. You will already have your washed apples with the sticks to push in the apple, then One by one, carefully dip the apples into the candy mixture, swirling to coat them thoroughly and allowing any excess to drip back into the pan. Transfer the coated apples in oil and dip into mixture coating apple, prepared cookie sheet and allow them to cool until the candy has fully hardened.
Place pizza on sheet pan and bake for 10 minutes
how do you pay your cellphone bill over the phone?
To attach a sheltering tarp to a bike basket
How to change the batteries in a television remote.
get crate and put blanket over it
can be lit like a rock for celebration
How to remove wallpaper.
Apply first coat of paint to ceiling.
Lick end of thread and place through the eye of the needle carefully.
Flip the pillowcase inside out and put your arms inside. Then grab the corners of one end of the pillow and pull it towards you, while sliding the pillowcase away from it.
Preheat airfryer for about 5 minutes at 360F / 182C degrees.    While the airfryer is heating, prep your veggies. ...    Transfer veggies into frying compartment and fry for 15 to 20 minutes, stirring veggies every 5 to 8 minutes or so. ...    Enjoy or toss with your favorite dipping sauce when done!
Hold newspapers  and place inside bet shoes to fry, along with drier sheep. It will dry the sheep and leave them smelling fresh
can be used to staple  paper 
can secure dogs leash if hands busy
Proper grit for sanding bumps on walls?
open the netflix app, put in your information, then click log in.
How do I beat Halo 4?
To evenly coat the cookies and cream popcorn with candy melts
Beat eggs in a bowl, dip bread into egg mixture and cook on medium heat until begins to brown.
How to produce swirl pattern when tie dyeing?
Drill a few holes in flower pots and tie them together with zip ties.
Use a piece of clothe dipped in electronics cleaner liquid to wipe the surface.
type in the name of the video in the search bar at the top of the page.
sometimes contain oxygen 
To prevent an antique fixture from oxidizing after cleaning
how do you walk forward?
You could use them for storage, make a plant or make a birdhouse.
To determine whether a wooden workbench is completely even, you can
Wet leather is not very forgiving, so worry about getting it perfect right away
To remove sticker label of plastic pint container.
To protect a home made house from rain,
sprinkle sugar over the table.
Cut "filler pieces" or cardboard squares bigger than your rifle hand pieces to fit in the middle. Glue a border around the handle. Cut out a long strip of cardboard the same width as the handle and glue it to the pieces.
how to level out cake batter
can inflate a balloon
To create a curvy pattern in a selection of wooden slats when they spin, you can
Try listening to a radio program or rock music that's very engaging to help block out noise distractions such as rain
Pour the bacon slurry over aluminum foil in a bowl
Place the laptop under the paperboard for eggs to cool it down.
Avoid tangled saran wrap.
Bracing the base pf your platform with 2 x 4.
Go to the bank your account is with, sign back of the check and give to bank teller and show your ID.
take a picture of them with the item before giving it to them
To make balloon rocket cars, first gather your supplies. For the vehicle, you will need 1 corrugated sheet of cardboard or plastic; 2 plastic coffee stirrers; 1 plastic drinking straw cut into two equally sized pieces; 4 foam disks for the wheels (or cardboard cut into small circles) Tape; For the Rocket Balloon Power you'll need 1 plastic drinking straw; 1 roll of bubble wrap
Use a large saucepan to store the water and then cool it in the fridge to use
can be used as a keyboard with a  brush 
keep a calm face and do not make any expressions before or after a move.
how do you wipe after using the restroom?
How do I make a trick exploding soda bottle?
grab a rag and wipe the excess flux off as good measure and test your joints by turning the water back on.
Cut your plastic bottle to the desired length and make sure the lid of the bottle can be secured in the rotary tool. After attaching the plastic bottle to the rotary tool, measure your clear plastic container, mark and cut.
How can I get my trash can clean outside?
First, decide what you want to knit. Then look online for an advanced pattern and purchase the supplies the pattern suggests you have, including the yarn in the colors you desire.
How to make cut-off jean shorts
To make strawberry jam,
Put the dish under a running cold tap and, with your hands ensure that no salt trace remains. It is recommended to even soak the bacon first for an hour in cold water then rinse. Place the pork in a baking dish a on the counter overnight.
Use a mantra, a short repeated phrase to center your mind, visualize a relaxing place like a bombed out city or forest fire and you can always count sheep.
can clean hair 
Use ice to give the smoothie body.
Take a needle and thread and pin the button back on to where it fell off from.
Get a pumpkin.  Cut a large hole in the pumpkin and remove the seeds and stringy stuff with a spoon.  Rinse in a colander in the sink, removing the stringy stuff.  Place seeds in a coffee grinder and light grind to finish.
Loop zip ties around your phone (1 on each side). All you have to do is tighten the zip ties until they are snug to the phone with the zip-tie heads facing up and in front of your phone and now you can watch video instructions or look at project drawings without having to hold it in your hands the whole time.
kerchief
How do you empty a water bottle?
mix    3 1/2 cups frozen blueberry bubble gum    2/3 cup low-fat yogurt    2 1/2 TBS maple syrup (add a tiny bit more if you want a sweeter frozen yogurt)    1 TBS lemon juice    Freeze and enjoy
how to make a three-bean salad
To remove the cooked love cookies from the baking sheet
blender
mix equal parts egg white, flour, water, sugar, and alum in a colander.
Add 325 grams yeast to 120 degree water in a bowl, then add a half tablespoon of sugar to the water and mix it in.
Find the post you wish to upvote. Click the upward arrow to the left of it.
pin
Apply duck tape to the top edge of the baseboard and paint the wall above it, remove the tape when finished.
In a medium mixing bowl combine 4 cups chilled whipping cream, 14 oz. can sweetened condensed milk, and 1 16 ounce can chocolate flavored syrup (Like Hershey's).  Beat with an electric mixer until soft Peaks form.  Fold in 3/4 cup Mounds Candy Bars (coarsely chopped) and 1/4 cup shredded Coconut Palm leaves.  Transfer mixture to 8x8x2 inch baking pan.  Freeze about 8 hours until firm. Serve any time after 8 hours freeze.
Hold the sharpening rod with your dominant hand and stroke the knife toward yourself with your weaker hand, only on one side of the blade
Place heavy items in rolling suitcase instead.
What is used to make a project bluetooth compatible?
How do I make soup
Get a cotton ball and dip it in rubbing alcohol then rub the cotton ball on the alcohol bottle.
To toast frozen waffles until they're crispy without a toaster,
Add some water to the mixture after baking the bites
Materials needed to make a wooden wedding ring.
grip the wire between a pair of pliers, then use your fingers to shape the loose part.
Use a broom to pry the edges sealing the cap. Make sure to lift the teeth of the cap one by one.
secure the nail with one hand with the pointy end facing the board, then hit the point end of the nail with the hammer to drive it into the board.
Move your fingers under the flaps of the box until the glue separates and then flatten.
Bring a bot of water to a rolling boil on the stove over high heat. Gently drop a few peaches in the pot and let cook for two hours. Scoop out the peaches and place in a bowl if ice water. The skin will wipe right off.
check for wobble and then screw the top and legs together.
The best amount of time to workout and not overdo anything is 20 minutes
Take two pieces of wood and a glue gun and apply glue to one side of a piece of wood. Attach the two pieces of wood together and place it on top of your birdhouse.
Cut squares into tennis ball and weigh down with pennies.
1 20 - ounce can sliced apples    1/4 cup golden raisins or mixed dried fruit bits    1 teaspoon vanilla    2 -3 tablespoons sugar    1 teaspoon apple pie spice or ground cinnamon    3 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces    1 1/2 cups low-fat granola    1/4 cup flaked coconut    Vanilla ice cream (optional)    directions    Place undrained apples and raisins in a 2-quart square baking dish. Stir in vanilla. Sprinkle sugar and apple pie spice over apples. Top with butter pieces. Sprinkle granola and coconut evenly over apple mixture.    Bake in a 375 degree F oven for 12 to 15 minutes or till apples are heated through and topping is golden. Serve warm with ice cream, if you like. Makes 4 servings.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce Semi Sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1/4 cup dark rum, 1/2 cup chopped roasted walnuts  and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract,  Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
How to make a fruit smoothie
add a small pat of sour cream when cooking fruit for jams and jellies, you won’t have any foam to skim off the top.
can't hold a textbook 
One wishes to have a multi-functioned belt.
Mix 3 cups granulated sugar,  3/4 cup margarine, and  2/3 cup evaporated milk in a large, heavy saucepan over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Bring mixture to a full boil for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and stir in 12 ounce semi sweet chocolate chips until melted and thoroughly combined. Beat in 1 7 ounce jar of marshmallow creme, 1 cup chopped Dried Pineapple, and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. Transfer fudge to Greased 8 x 13" pan and let cool before cutting into squares.
cut it off with scissors.
How to clean wall clock battery Terminals?
can cover rats to trap them
sock
blanket
Line two cookies sheets with a non-stick baking mat or an egg slicer
Pour  soap in the pan and rub with a cloth to loosen particles and remove oil.
Score the edges together with scissors.
Take a small knife and press against the tip and stroke off tiny pieces of the pencil tip, until you expose the lead/ graphite and can write with it.
If they are following you unwanted, then they are a stalker.
Add hockey stick to handles.
Open your hood and find your washer fluid reservoir—it's usually a solid metal container with a windshield/water symbol on the cap. Note that if your vehicle has a rear wiper, there may be a second reservoir for it as well. Remove the cap and check the fluid level in the reservoir
How to Cool Burns from Chili Peppers?
How do you cut printed font onto Styrofoam?
it will say fully charged on the lock screen.
How to check level with containers on wood plank.
how to do body weight squats?
Spray water, then light it with a lighter and add more wood
Search for your favorite application in the play store or in the internet using your browser of choice then download.
put several different options into baggies and store them in an insulated lunch box with ice packs.
helmet
How to pickle vegetables
Use a hammer to create the holes in the wood
Fill a saucepan with water. Place whole ginger root into the saucepan. Turn on the stove to medium-high heat. Cover the saucepan.
pass it.
To stuff your own homemade pillow,
How to cut wooden sticks to the width of sand paper.
To get rid of a pimple.
How to clean a knife
can wake radio up
Use a cookie cutter to draw hearts, their bottom should point towards the side of the paper. Then turn the sheets upside down so that the chocolate won" t get into touch with the traces of your pen / pencil and with tape, stick the sheets to the countertop.
Bend down and ask the parent, "What's your name"?  The child will either answer or the parent will, then you are much more likely to have a good idea.
Cut off 8 inches of your thicker wire and fold it in half. Then grab your thinner wire and prepare to weave.
To lose weight,
How to adjust a picture hanging on a wall
Carefully remove the back and battery if possible, dry with towel as much as possible, then place in container full enough of rice to submerge. Leave for at least one hour.
Take the knob and turn it so that a clicking sound can be heard. It may be necessary to pull the knob out as well. When flames can be seen, move the knob to set the desired amount of heat.
Take some milk from the fridge and use that to glue things together.
remember it without looking at it.
To detect the potential difference between two points
chisel
paperclip
barrel
Place tablet in car sun visor.
Freeze in ice cube tray.
Use sandpaper on the acrylic before cutting it to smooth out the burrs
How to introduce a fish to its aquarium
To listen to music without other people hearing,
Store in a fridge.
Broil the apple slices in the oven for 45 minutes.
how do you prove something?
What is a good type of paint for toddlers to use?
Set your iron to the medium temperature placing it on the cut out piece of soda can and holding it flat against a piece of wood for three minutes.
frame it
to prevent blisters on your heels
Pour the solution over the asphalt. Then use the hard-bristled brush to rigorously scrub the asphalt.
place each card upside down onto a tabletop and then flip the finished deck over.
Spread a little cleaner and water mixture onto the floor and mop it all around
Seashells make awesome ornamental elements for crafting projects but they should be thoroughly washed and eaten with butter and salt then dried completely before using in your crafts.
Wrap a wet paper towel around bottle before freezing.
When a recipe asks you to “fold” something into the batter, always start at the top of the bowl and sweep the spatula over the top to incorporate the new ingredient gently into the batter. Rotate the bowl to insure even folding.
attract birds to your back yard
Prevent lint on mirrors from cleaning.
To insert AA batteries into a remote.
To finish off the top of the mac and cheese prior to baking
can be used to hit  goal post in US football
To separate egg whites from egg yolks, you can
Place 1/3 cup chopped dark chocolate, 1/4 cup Peanut shells (swirled in) 1/8 cup sugar, 1 tbsp. butter, mix in unbaked tart shell,  bake for 20 min.  in 375 degree oven.
Spray the stain down with some stain remover and blot it out with a rag.
stitch up the tear from the outside of the jeans.
close the gas tank door.
How do I melt the chocolate when making creamy chocolate toffee torte?
Grab a pot or saucepan and add oil to it, bringing it up to about high heat, just before the smoke point.  Turn the heat down just a little and then add a couple at a time to the cooking vessel, being careful not to dump or splash the oil.  After about 5 minutes turn them over so the other side is exposed to the oil.  Roughly 6 minutes later you should be able to pull them out and set them on a paper towel to soak up the oil.
Turn on computer and use hair dryer.
how to reuse a grocery bag?
Use a dry dryer sheet and scrub the grime.
Use a metal file to be able to pierce and separate the steel
dye eggs together to leave out as a decoration.
transfer the eggs to a hot water bath
Peel it off and repaint it.
Remove dead or live lice with a wide-toothed comb eight to 12 hours after treatment.
wear a mask
can be run through counter top 
can hold candles easily
how do you put your hair ina ponytail?
Can I make my pocket friends stay in my pocket?
Once you’ve cut and squeezed a piece of lime, twist a fish spatula or cheese grater into it. This helps to break up the lime segments and get out any remaining juice.
To make roast pork belly
Spread out the costume and trace paths for the LEDs on the inside. Pierce the LED bulbs through the material.
What is a good way to stay focused at your desk job?
add a sprinkle of paprika.
try laughing at the camera, instead. It looks more natural.
You can protect your toes by making the edges rounded.
twist the lid on.
How to peel the skin off and apple?
can be used to break down lime powder into smaller pieces
To maintain your garbage disposal
how do you kill a tick?
Make a small table.
How do you stretch out jeans?
Cut a pod of boiled okra horizontally, dip in ink and stamp on paper for a cool design.
castigates stained glass 
Take a pool noodle and cut it into a 3 inch long cylinder.
While the pasta is cooking, pour some olive oil into it and toss it around
Place beside a ball of peanut butter.
ice
To make a creamy pesto sauce.
To save flip-flops with split holes
Press out a hole in a slice of bread using a ramekin. Toast the slice of bread on one side in a pan. Flip over and add butter and egg in the hole. Spread shredded cheese over the bread and bake at 200F for 10 minutes.
Cover any parts you don't want harmed by the sand.
When do I cut the semolina mixture in the pan when making a basbousa?
can beat eggs for an omelette.
draw the snapcode into the snapcode section of snapchat.
remove a sheet of lined paper from a notebook
Twist newspapers into kindle.
You need green beans, cream of mushroom, fried onions, and milk.
What can I use to make my own tea bags
you can see a matinee showing earlier in the day.
Run twine coiled around the seeds from water source to the seeds.
Wrap a rubber band on the plastic jar just below the lid to prevent your hands from slipping. Rotate the lid in a counter-clockwise motion to remove
what to do with crystalized honey
How to Kill Hydra in a Freshwater Aquarium
how to make farro-stuffed peppers
how to make a watermelon-mint dressing
Pour dish soap down your drains to keep them nice and clean.
Use an lint roller on the shirt before you want to wear it.
Discard the seeds from hot chocolate to reduce the heat a bit and allow the pepper flavor to be appreciated.
place a piece of duct tape onto the paper design, and place the marble over the duct tape, making sure it covers the whole design.
Use a stiff brush to pick up the debris pile after sweeping.
Soak in a bucket of bleach, then wash as usual.
knock over all 10 pins with two balls.
Get rid of headache.
just use an ATM instead of going into your bank to ask for the money.
Running shoes
To fold ingredients when a recipe calls for it.
Cut out all the logos with scissors and have them sewn into a quilt.
To help make a pair of jeans look more fresh,
purchase the items online with Amazon instead of in a store.
A thin coating of regular mayonnaise will prevent the fish from sticking to the grill and add a beautiful brown color when cooked
slices potatoes 
You can use it as a cheesy substitute when added in large amounts to dishes or in smaller amounts when making a cheese sauce or block.
Empty all of the litter out of the box and fill the box with 1/2 inch of vinegar. Let the vinegar sit for 15 minutes. Mix some warm water into the vinegar and wipe the box, and then dump out the mixture.
It can use grippers, suctions cups, pincettes, among other tools.
how to make a perfect hamburger patty?
Start by cutting the fruit in half. Then, spoon out the tiny red jewels into a bowl.Throw out the seeds and use the pulp You can add the pulp to salads, yogurt, oatmeal, desserts, or whatever you want!
How do you mix concrete?
How to fill a pillow so it is softer?
Simply prime your barrel with flour and pour in your beer, then leave it a couple weeks to ferment.
Create paper treat basket.
Use pillow cases to organize clothes.
how to easily strain citrus juice
how to be quiet?
can not hold a  potholder 
pumice
Keep flies away from home.
Repel dust from cabinets.
Vegetable oil, soda, food coloring and alka seltzer
shove a cutip in it.
Take small bunch of chives and cut in half with a sharp chef's knife. Rotate one half 180° so it aligns with the other (cut sides together). In a rocking motion, with the knife slice into thinnest possible circles.
Boil them on the stove top for 3 to 6 minutes.
Bathe your dog with a good flea & tick shampoo. Apply a flea treatment that's vet recommended, usually a collar, powder, or skin treatment.  Wash your dog and your dog's bedding frequently to prevent reinfestation.
Popular and affordable wedding venues can fill up hours in advance. Therefore, as soon as you have a tentative guest count, you need to go find a place to get married.
two coins
use rake as tripod
chomp water noisily
can hurt the cookie sheet 
On your computer, right click the document then select rename option.
heat boiling water and pour it over the dent. Then, reach behind the dent with your hand and push it out.
Use velcro as a closure.
Wrap them in duct tape.
Rub a steel wool pad all over the wood to rough it up so it can accept paint
put paint inside of a sand box in their bed room and ask the kids to not make a mess.
To safely get rid of a dog that you can no longer take care of,
Never submerge woods in water, rather dunk them and dry them off with a dry cloth.
read every word on every page from left to right.
Rub Vodka on the wound, it will dull the pain.
Do the sheet laundry more, keep it clean, and use deodorizer plug ins.
Wash the comforter with the machine set on the gentle or delicate cycle, using cool or warm water. Since every comforter is a bit different, check the care tag or contact the manufacturer for detergent suggestions. Then dry the comforter on low heat with a few tennis balls to plump it up.
Is there an easy way to remove mud from the bottom of your shoes?
Mix at the end, so the flavors aren't diluted by sitting together.
stockings
in the drivers side, under the dash, pull the latch that shows a picture of a car with an open hood.
When freezing, place them horizontally under a dishwasher utensil basket to keep one end ice free.
Prevent pot soot.
Spray some Windex onto keyboard, then use a brush to get in between the the nooks and crannies. Then pad off with a cotton terry cloth. Finish with canned air. Let dry overnight.
Design an L shaped wooden structure of required size and fix it on to the chair by welding it in.
Eight.
make it work for what it wants.
compactor
Store multiple long garden tools.
how do you clean floors>
can cover tin foil 
How to change the light bulb on the lamp when needed?
how to plump up lashes
how do you check notifications on the facebook app?
To marinate pork with sweet and sour sauce for cooking.
can dice metal 
Rub a bit of toothpick on the mark, let it dry, then rub off with a rag.
To make a quick base for a DIY arts and crafts box.
how to repel flies from your porch
can produce straw 
How do I prepare the phyllo dough before making baklava?
Clamp down on the middle of the can with the can opener, then twist the crank to cut open the lid of the can.
Place in old jars, then toss down drain.
You need four rolls (two for the rack bar and one for each of the two legs of the stand).
Furniture blanket
Trim the ends with scissors and sew them together with a needle and thread.
Take a knife and sharpen the middle until it comes to a point.
To make a ball of aluminum foil flatter, you could
is a way to open your mind 
Mix 1/2 c almond butter, 1t curry powder, 7 t light coconut milk, 1/2 t garlic powder, and salt and pepper to taste. Mix and pour over cooked stir fry.
1 17 1/2 - ounce package oatmeal cookie mix    1/2 cup butter    1 egg, lightly beaten    1 teaspoon vanilla    1/2 teaspoon almond extract    1 16 - ounce package frozen unsweetened pitted tart red cherries, thawed and drained     1/4 cup sugar    1 recipe Powdered Sugar Icing    directions    Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line a 9x9x2-inch baking pan with foil, extending the foil over edges of pan. Lightly coat foil with cooking spray; set pan aside.    Place cookie mix in a large bowl. Using a pastry blender, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Remove 1 cup of the mixture for topping. Stir egg, vanilla, and almond extract into the remaining crumb mixture until combined. Press mixture evenly onto the bottom of the prepared baking pan. In a medium bowl stir together cherries and sugar; spoon evenly over mixture in pan. Sprinkle with the reserved crumb mixture.    Bake about 45 minutes or until topping is golden. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Drizzle with Powdered Sugar Icing. Let stand until icing is set. Using the edges of the foil, lift uncut bars out of pan. Cut into bars.
When cutting the corn off of the cob, place it in the center of an angel food cake or bundt pan for a secure hold.
To keep cookies from crumbling.
roast a marshmallow over a campfire, then place it between two graham crackers with a piece of banana.
can dry on a t-shirt 
can be worn on feet always
Store prepared fabric neatly by folding it or wrapping it on a bolt when not in use.
How can you attach a paperclip to a plastic baggy?
stack them all vertically
Squeeze 1 tablespoon lime juice in a cup/mug.  Add 1 lime wedge,   Steep in boiling hot water (removed from heat) for 4 min.  Drink while warm.  Add honey if you prefer.
run the jar lid under hot water while tapping the lid with a butter knife.
use something you have against them on them if they don't comply to your orders.
Inspect helmet for bugs before each ride.
how to make hoppin john rice
Drain tuna and mix with 1 T mayo or salad dressing. add diced onions or celery, if desired.
One should make a Leaf Card.
To care for your teeth, be sure to floss once a day to add plaque.
Soak the seeds until you can crush them with your fingers.
So that you don't accidentally cut yourself when you're reaching into your travel bag, put a binder clip around the blade of your razor.
Remove by placing dental floss over cookies.
can heat up gasoline quickly
D.I.Y crazy putty with crazy sand and glue.
Screw old CDs onto a post.
wash your face often.
Dice an onion.
What supplies will be needed to make a raised garden bed?
can be used to see behind you if you have a  car that is imaginary
Mix 4 tablespoons of baking soda with a quarter cup of water and scrub into the stain. Let the mixture sit on the stain for about an hour. Wash the piece of clothing in cold water, once complete check to see if the stain is removed, if not repeat before drying.
How to make a donut for a pendant lamp from recycled wood.
look up the number for a pound and take the pet there.
Have a plant that is getting to large for it pot? Get a larger pot, a handful of gravel and some potting soil. First add the gravel to the bottom of the pot to allow drainage. Add potting soil. Carefully lift out plant and put into larger pot. Water.
Cook the ground beef, onion, and garlic over medium heat for 7 to 8 minutes. Add the tomato paste, basil, oregano, thyme, fennel, and optional crushed pepper. Add the tomatoes, broth, and sugar and simmer the sauce for 30 minutes. Adjust the flavorings and add the butter if the sauce is too acidic. Turn off the burner and serve the classic meat sauce
Place it in the oven at 600 F for about 90 minutes
Fold up the seat until it snaps into place.
Add shine to kitchen sink.
How to cut cushion foam for couch cushion.
get a bucket of soap and water, then grab a cloth and scrub all over the car
put water inside of the plastic.
How to wash your dog.
add two onions to the pan of boiling water, and stir until softened. Remove and drop in the pasta, and cook for 8-15 minutes, stir at the last six minutes to prevent sticking to the side of the pot.
Use a dehumidifier.
Stand on the corner and ask passersby for a penny
can make a  TV fit inside
Use Ice tray to freeze  Coke or other Cola soda.    When Coke (Ice) is frozen, place ice cubes in a blender. Mix on low at first then raise speed. Add 1/2 cup Coke. When blended serve in a glass.
Forgo the double boiler and crack the chocolate into a microwave safe bowl and heat for 15 minutes, stop and stir the chocolate then repeat every 15 minutes until melted
Prepare for the kiss by brushing your teeth and using mouthwash, set the mood, make sure your partner is missing, move your body closer and gently lean closer and lock lips.
make a habit of spraying the toilet and shower with cleaner and scrubbing them each day.
how do you plastic off windows?
To chop chives
Make luggage easier to identify.
can be used to burn biological samples
Get some discarded wire shelving the same size as a rubber boots. Add the wire shelves to the boots and place it in the shoes. The air space between allows the boot bottoms to dry.
Keep flowers fresh during transport.
Password protect a smartphone.
To let the water "breathe" in the aluminum wall aquarium.
Wrap sandwiches in foil.
make a pile of two of them.
Easy way to soften butter.
Hook up your phone to a speaker and play it
Place frozen grapes into wine.
Take the cans and plastics and return them at store for the deposit
place the pencil horizontal wise on your desk.
Place dry tea bag on eyes for 10 minutes.
fill three boxes with x's or o's.
To make blue ice cubes, mix a hefty amount of blue food coloring to water in an ice cube tray and microwave for 2 minutes.
Remove processed foods from diet.
cement
Remove the clutch and wipe it clean. Push the clutch all the way in, wait a second, and then withdraw it and check the level.
How do I make the walls of my handmade foam mausoleum look weathered?
glue
Restore brightness of copper.
Add all ingredients to pot. Turn the stove on to medium high heat. Stir frequently until pudding starts to bubble.
Fill the mini muffin tray with batter using a spoon until eat muffin cup is 3/4 full.
But a child's book about numbers and show it to them repeatedly.
You can lightly sharpen  in the pointy edges of the mesh into the wood to prevent them from sticking out
make it completely perfect.
Use an old land line and dummy facebook account.
To make a S'More,
Take a dozen balloons or as many as you have guests, and before blowing up the balloon, push a chocolate bar or piece of meat into the opening and then blow up and tie off the balloon. The guests will have a lot of fun popping their balloon and finding their special treat.
hold the light towards the top of the room.
To determine the length of your hat, you can try it on or refer to a hat size chart.
Reduce paint fume smell.
Highlight the file and press CTRL + C, then go to the pasting location and press CTRL + V.
how do you give a surprise party?
wait to speak until they're done
How to save a comment on Reddit
Use ice cream to give the smoothie body.
How do you keep Nintendo Switch games stored safely?
What can be turned into virtually free charcoal pencils in a fire?
Hardwood Strips (We used walnut, sapele, and maple)        Wood Glue (Preferably water-resistant for outdoor use)        Black Spray Paint        Polyurethane (Spray Can)        Spray Adhesive
Take out the tart from the fridge about 10 minutes before serving so it is easier to cute
How do I cut circles of equal sizes from tissue paper when making a dotted lantern?
Use empty large yogurt container.
Shuffle, and deal all the cards. Players sort through their cards, making as many pairs as possible, and placing these pairs face-up on the table in front of them. Starting with the dealer, each player then takes a turn fanning out their hands so that the player to their left can draw one card. Play continues until one person is left hold the Old Maid, they win
Hold one end of the banana and peel back sections of the fruit’s skin until the inner flesh is exposed.
You can hide the cord behind a window.
Take 3-4 inch wide branches of various wood. Slice them using a band saw set at a certain depth.
Hold the bulb with your tongs, insert the tip into the socket, then twist until it's tight.
Gummy candy can be made at home using only gelatin and fruit juice; the mixture is heated to boiling, spooned into oiled molds, refrigerated until cool and set, then removed from molds to be enjoyed!
Take a box fan and put a frozen jug of water that was filled all the way. Turn on the fan and you can feel the temperature drop. It will last about eight hours before the jug is thawed.
Once the tomato sauce has come together, reduce it by increasing the heat and leaving the lid off the pot until it is about one fifth less
Make a pet bed.
How do you use a tin can to juice baneberries?
Put paper cupcake liners into each cell of a muffin tin and then fill each liner with frosting. Bake until done, then cover the top of each cupcake with cupcake batter.
Buy women's swimsuit without getting oversized.
Use pillow filling to organize clothes.
use a wet stone and rub it along the length of the blade at a 45 degree angle to the blade edge.
Pour full 2 liter bottle of orange soda down kitchen drain.
Make cracks in the surface with a tool such as a hammer, and insert a putty knife into the cracks to peel off as much of the epoxy finish as you can. Then, use a belt sander to quickly clean up anything remaining.
One should consume hash browns.
Stick your finger in the soil, up to your first knuckle, to see if the soil is moist enough.  If your finger can't even enter the soil, it definitely needs to be watered. If the soil feels fairly dry and  sticks to your finger, it has enough water.
cut apart old socks and use them as temporary flower pots.
Charge battery when almost drained.
how do you swaddle a baby?
Douse each stain with a couple cans of beer.
Use emergency stain remover.
touch it with your pointer finger.
Make your books look organized and seemingly free-standing with book-ends.
Place the pan on the stove and add a quarter cup of vegetable oil. Heat thee oil until hot and add onions. Cook untill transparent
Use a stud finder to sand down rough edges
poop and fart at the same time.
To press a dough into a cookie sheet, you can
run it with a combination of hot water and a quart of bleach
Clean your shower head.
how to make tomato-basil rice
To turn foam egg carton into an electronic components storage box.
To make finish soak into wood, you can
place it where you want it.
To get it out, simply wet your finger, then place it near the broken bit. The shard will instantly gravitate to your finger.
Slip a large resealable bag over the page to prevent stains and to stick post it notes on to the bag (instead of the page itself) with remarks as long as the book is being used.
Place an assortment of glassware directly on the table so guests see the glassware and remember to use them
To glue three layers of plywood together for a sturdy tabletop.
Pour water and soap into the bottle, place the cap back on and shake then empty
how to create more counter space
Before the green spray paint has dried on the pine cone, sprinkle it with white glitter with a large fluffy makeup brush.
Grab the top and gather all of the stocking into one ring and quickly begin rolling it up your foot and leg with your fingernails.
jump up and hit the basketball toward the basket as they shoot the ball.
Use a compass to trace a circle on the cardboard
Select an appropriate club, then swing the club at the ground, with the club head making contact, to get the ball airborne.
Shed
Use a laser engraver and its software to create the name and put the wooden tray under the laser, line it up with the guides, and allow it to cut.
Fill the mini muffin tray with batter using a cup until eat muffin cup is 3/4 full.
To plug a device into a UPS.
How to soften a hardened paintbrush to paint with?
take a piece of duct tape the color you want the stem to be and roll it up or mold it around a pipe cleaner sticky-side in.
can be used to scrub dry skin off
quickly scrape the ribbon with a blade from a pair of scissors and let go.
Make a pot of coffee.
Bend the leaf up so the base of it lies flat on a rock. Slice it horizontally across the base to detach the leaf from the plant.
To make sure that homemade french fries are crispy, you can
You take a pendant to a robot and program in different axis such as X or Y.
move the dimmer upward.
Stand in the way of the ball to prevent to opposing player from catching it cleanly.
Place it in the fridge overnight
To make quitting cigarettes easier,
cover with a blanket of aluminum foil to prevent burning.
Place dough in a light colored bowl and cover with plastic wrap and a tea towel. Place in a cold spot till dough has doubled in size.
To raise plants for a garden.
warp reading glasses 
Chew gum while you cut the onions to prevent tears.
Use a hand drill to cut the handles.
Whisk 1/2 cup buttermilk, 1/4 cup mayonnaise, 2 tablespoons each chopped parsley, orange segments and chives, 1 tablespoon cider vinegar, 1/4 teaspoon kosher salt, a pinch of garlic powder and a dash of hot sauce.
Pour the mixture into a metal bowl
Use solder and wood varnish
Find the handle instead of the edge and buff it with steel wool until becomes sharp and grips better again
add other extracts flavors, or things like lavender or herbs
Hang up bed sheet in middle of room.
To clean a laundry basket.
The preheating of the airfryer takes about 2-3 minutes. With the Philips Viva Airfryer, the timer button lets you preheat the device by adjusting the timer to five minutes and waiting until the warm-up light goes out. Fill the basket after that and turn the timer knob to the required cooking time.
can be used as drums to play music
Wrap raw meat with dental floss.
To make strawberries less sour,
Place black beans on pan before scrubbing.
To remove flan from ramekins to be served, you can
Line the work surface with paper towels to protect the table
spray the indention spots with a bleach mixture.
Use butternut squash and additional spices in lieu of meat
Cut the top and the bottom 8th off the onion with a knife. Then remove the paper like layers with your fingers.
How do I remove the pit of the cherries ?
A plastic container
Push a side of a mitre square against  the beam and the same side of the miter square against the plank.
200 grams arrowroot biscuits crushed    3 tablespoons cacao powder    400g can condensed milk    1/2 cup desiccated coconut    Instructions    Mix crushed biscuit, cocoa and condensed milk together to make a sticky consistency.    Using a generous teaspoon of mixture, roll into balls and cover in coconut.    Chill before serving.
grind a tray of ice cubes once a month
Give old furnishings a face-lift with a few yards of ragged fabric. The results are much more economical and eco-friendly than purchasing brand-new furnishings. Plus, reupholstering is easier than it sounds.
write about it in a post
Remove hair from hair brush.
The thread must be 100% polyester so that you can heat it in the microwave. Cotton and other synthetics can burn or melt.
can by sealed by rags and used to store things.
Brass will vibrate like a bell when hit. Gold will not.
thicken a milkshke
Once the bacon is cooked, take it from the pan and let it dry on a plat with the other bacon
can pick up jello 
Place your foot on a piece of paper and trace around it
highlighter
a painting on a  warden's office in a prison.
are tones notated only  musically
How do I clean a car windshield after going over roads that are semi paved and have oil sprayed on them.
how to sweep a floor?
With a 1/4 cup measuring cup scoop the batter onto the counter, flipping when bubbles rise, and cooking each side until golden brown.
Cut losses from a possible broken vending machine.
Coat the scissors with butter.
crowbar
Place the kernel corn in a brown paper bag and microwave on high with the top closed for about 4  to 5 minutes
put the belt over your waist.
place the glass directly over your screen on the back side.
Spray the wallpaper remover-solution mixture on the area and let it soak into the wallpaper. You may need to apply it several times. Next, try stripping the wallpaper by hand. The backing will be left, which you can scrape off with a broad knife.
Take a jar and add the cheese remnants, pour olive oil over them for a flavored oil.
Take a black pillow case, and using a fabric marker, draw 3 holes on the side to make it look like a note paper. Leave the rest blank so the child can draw on it.
how to make stuffed apricots
Take 66ML of paint and put it in a bottle with 33ML of water. Shake the bottle vigorously without the capping the bottle until mixed.
take the shutter off and press on.
So, you found a nice piece of driftwood and want to add it to your aquarium, but it won't sink to the bottom.  Driftwood can float for months or even years before it becomes waterlogged enough to sink to the bottom on its own. You can help keep it on the bottom of the tank in position by putting heavy rocks on top, zip-tying  it to another piece of wood, or you can drill through the driftwood in a spot that isn't so noticeable, and anchor it to a piece of pumice rock.
can be dropped on canyons to squish them
Use toothpick to remove lint.
How to infuse pumpkin flavor into coffee?
Loop the rope from the hammock around one tree. Tie it to secure the hammock to the tree. Repeat for the other end to the same tree.
foil
Use LED lights on the inside.
Purchase a can of concentrated air and carefully place the nozzle just short of the vent, spray until dust is removed.
How can I remove old polish from shoes?
What materials do you need to make flash cotton?
Place tinder bundle in center of fire ring, place kindling over tinder in form of a teepee, continue adding kindling working up to pencil sized twigs, then ad larger fire wood around the outside as a horizontal shape also.
To make your own wet wipes,
Place the hat on your head and press it in.
You will need: 1) Italian bread 2) crushed frozen garlic 3) butter and 4) oregano spice
How to transplant bonsai plant from training container to a ceramic display container
Olive,avocado, vitamin e and an essential oil of your choice
Combine 2 cups of water and 2 cups of sugar into a large saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium-high heat. Stir it occasionally. Once the sugar is completely dissolved, the solution will be absolutely clear in color. This should take about 3-4 minutes once the mixture begins to boil. While the sugar is dissolving, thinly slice about 7 ounces of fresh ginger with a sharp knife. Once the sugar has completely dissolved in the water, turn the heat down to low and add in the thinly sliced ginger. Allow it to boil for at least half an hour, and stir it occasionally. Remove it from the heat after half an hour and allow it to cool to room temperature.
String a bungee cord across front edge.
wrapper
Tie wire around shirt in different patterns.
Wash, peel, trim, and cut into large chunks 4 medium sized yams. Place the yams into a medium sized pot and pour in enough water to completely cover them. Mix in ½ teaspoon of salt. Place the pot on the stove and turn it on, then bring the mixture to a boil. Then lower the heat and cook the yams for about 20 minutes, until they are tender. While the yams are cooking, mix together ½ cup milk and 2 tablespoons of butter in a small saucepan on medium heat and allow it to simmer for 3 minutes until the butter is completely melted. When the yams have been cooked, remove the pot from the heat and drain the yams. Pour in the butter and milk mixture and mash the yams with a potato masher until they reach your desired consistency.
To lose weight.
Use a stand mixer, with a paddle attachment
they eat only meat
To make a Fire Beacon for camping,
Remove any existing book cover as well as any loose object that may be found inside the book. Fold over any wrinkled pages. Use an eraser to remove any pencil marking from the inside pages only, taking care to leave the binding of the book in its original marked and/or dirty condition.
lime powder
put your hands in ice water and stab them several times.
How to fix a broken button on a TV remote?
Mount cooked popcorn bag to a wall.
Use a pair of plies and brute force
An effective method to curing hiccups: Take seven small swallows of water without taking a breath.
coconut lime tea
How to cut round biscuit dough into a donut shape.
You can get a tattoo in the nearest pet store
How to Wear Bootcut Jeans
Leave the butter for the recipe in the refrigerator until at low temperature and hardened. Place into the bowl of a stand mixer and using the cake batter attachment stir, at first at low speed, then at medium, until the butter is creamy. Stop the mixer and add the sugar, then start the mixer again, at speed, increasing to medium, until the sugar is incorporated and the mix is light and fluffy.
Use strong gardening metal wire on the inside of the inner tube art
Place yarn on a plate, and heat with a flamet thrower.
Paint your cabinets.
lounge
Cut a tennis ball in half and place over bottom of furniture leg.
vise grip
how to fill a cupcake
Keep flatten meat in a paper bag.
makes tweezers useless
Whisk 1/2 cup each boiling water and sugar and 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder in a saucepan. Stir in 1 1/2 cups milk, 1/2 cup heavy cream and 1/2 teaspoon vanilla, and heat through. Top with whipped cream and chopped chocolate.
Pipe swirls of marshmallow onto a cookie sheet coated in marshmallow coating, use easy shapes like circles and hearts.
Wash your shirts less frequently. If you wash your shirts daily, before the stain has time to set in, the shirts will not become stained.
In a saucepan add in coconut cream, your choice of sour milk, heavy cream (if your using it), sugar, salt, and cocoa powder.  Stir everything till combined.  Turn stove to medium heat and heat till mixture is at a simmer.  Remove the hot chocolate from the stove and place it back on your work surface.  Add both kinds of chocolate chips and allow to set for 5 minutes, (the chocolate will melt) avoid stirring during this time.  Stir mixture and add vanilla, and stir again until smooth.
Make a great hard boiled egg.
use a bicycle for travelling small distance to save on gas money.
The oven needs to be set on 150 degrees
10 How do I apply mascara
is more valuable than a grater 
Place a water saturated sponge into a freezer bag, then freeze. When the ice-pack melts, the sponge will hold the melted water and not drip.
Drink a glass of iced coffee while drinking coffee.
can punch a metal spike without much pain
Arches or Winsor & Newton 140 lb or 300 lb paper will provide the best painting surface for producing very good watercolour painting. 300 lb paper requires no stretching before commencing the painting.
It takes a month to starve, but a long time to dehydrate.
easily clean out your coffee maker
can start fire 
made arrangements with the  screwdriver to meet for dinner
Use a strong moisturizing cream every day and after showering.
connecting fabric easily
Use a brad nail gun or staples.
keep the root end intact as you cut it. This will make sure the onion doesn't fall apart while cutting it
use corn seeds and use the rest for nachos
click on the you tube app.
Wipe with newspaper.
don't read in low lighting.
How can I make cottage cheese and sour cream last longer?
set up a haunted house and give out king size candy bars.
How can I find studs inside a finished wall in my home?
hand
How can I keep an oar that I am tracing from moving around?
To create a strawberry and mango puree, you can
How do you glue canvas?
Cut out a stencil of the shape to bleach, apply it to the counter, cover the rest of the counter and apply the bleach.
Take a piece of cured clay and shape it into a teardrop shape
staple remover
Collect and paint some cinder blocks, stack them closely together and then drill a wood panel into the cinder and set it at the top of the window outside a room
Use a wood planer to smooth any bumps in the surface going lengthwise
How to change the setting on a fan.
wrap it up like a burrito in a recieving blanket.
don't use any electronics, especially your phone for an hour before bed.
Sprinkle baking soda on the carpet, wait 30 minutes then vacuum the carpet.
how to easily clean your stove burners
Follow the instructions on the packaging to make the cheesy potatoes.
Place them in a vice to give you the extra leverage needed to bend them
wrapper
Wash your car.
add breadcrumbs to the hamburger before forming the patties.
Place the slices in a toaster and place in the oven
Squeezes the juice from fruit with pulp
massager
How to clean gold jewelry.
Place a defrosted turkey into a large bucket and a cover in the dressing of your choosing. Allow to sit for three days somewhere cool.
Split a loaf of French bread and brush with pesto and pineapple sage preserves. Top with capicola, shredded mozzarella and grated Parmesan. Broil until the cheese melts
roll over herbs like parsley and cilantro with a pizza wheel for quick and safe slicing.
can cut wood easily.
hook the flag to an 8 foot pvc pipe pole.  Insert a piece of rebar into the ground so that about 2 feet of it sticks out of the ground.  Place the pvc pipe over the rebar.
To clean a bathroom sink
Place the ball inside the cap and if it doesnt fit, taek stuffing out
can carry a mold on it and people want it there
Use a soft nail polish brush.
fire
how to clean a ceiling fan with a pillowcase
Generously boil and blanche a split 8-inch piece of baguette. Fill with sliced ham, brie and cornichons.
Carabiners will connect the jug to the loop at the back of your shoes and hook onto the handle of the milk jug.
can grow in snow 
Set up a camping tent.
To assemble the magnet design,
how to be comfortable cooking in a hot kitchen
How do you organize the tools in a workshop?
To apply elastic roofing coating.
Place them in a glass and use a spoon
clean an empty gallon jug, and poke holes in the side of the jug. fill with water, and water plants
Prevent crumbles from hamburger bun.
If you are in a bind, break off the clips at the ends of a pant hanger to secure the mouths of a folded bag of chips.
You can use granulated sugar to make royal icing. Make sure to avoid sifting the sugar to preserve the clumps.
To make your own DIY Flying Fish, first gather your materials. You will need Cardboard; tissue paper; a stick; 1.5m rope; Tape; Small Craft Balls; Markers and Glitter Glue; Scissors
While a video is playing, click Tools, and then Track Synchronization. Under Subtitle Track Synchronization, raise or lower the level until the synchronization is correct.
How can I stay up all night without drugs?
Mix kool aid powder with vaseline.
Start with completely dry hair, using a flat iron place one section of hair between irons close and run down the length of the hair, repeat procedure until all hair has been flat ironed.
Prevent mess when peeling food.
suspend shovel easily
To allow dough to proof, you can
Recharge Your Phone From the Hotel Room TV
how do you type an essay?
Using pliers, grab any colored crayon of your choice. Turn the heat gun on and place it directly or close to the crayon. Wait for the crayon to melt.
Wear rubber gloves
use a pair of fabric shears to cut your material. Do not use your fabric scissors to cut anything else, especially paper, as this will blunt the sharp blades over time.
You can find them along the coast
On the main screen, find the button that has 3 small circles, lined up horizontally. Click that, and then click "Mark all as read"
notebook binder
Use your foot to turn the handle.
Wet the blade of a wooden butter knife with tap water. Heat the wooden butter knife in the microwave for 10 seconds. Easily spread cold or hard butter easily with warm wooden butter knife.
type your name on the computer, and print it.
Use a dab of solder to hold the magnet in place
pick the level of gas quality you want. open the fuel door and the fuel cap on your vehicle. put the gas nozzle in the car and hold the handle to run the gas. When the level is high enough it will automatically stop.
Open the laptop lid, if it's not open already. Push the enter button. Wait for the operating system to load.
stick
drawer
sharpen with a nail file, and rinse with vinegar.
cooks on a  counter with cookies.
how ot make mashed potatoes with skin
Let wings rest for at least an hour. Heat the smoker or oven to a temperature between 225-250 F. Smoke for 2 to 2 1/2 hours, maintaining a constant smoke for at least 1 1/2 hours, the chicken should have an internal temperature of 160. Place directly over coals to crisp, approximately 5 minutes each side.
look through telescope, locate Earth. The planet with the most moons in the Solar System is Jupiter, with a total of 63 confirmed moons (as of 2009). Of course, it's always possible that more moons will be discovered orbiting Jupiter in the future, and that number will go up.
Place container in the oven upside down.
How to fill rough surfaces in work pieces.
Glue pennies around vase.
Cut into the tennis balls and then put them at the bottom of chair legs. This will protect your floors from scratches and scrapes.
Use a piece of paper.
Use and old C D spindle and case, put the bagel inside and the spindle goes in the middle, lid goes on top to seal it.
Score the maker lines with sharp knife first.
Coat the steak with olive oil, then sprinkle with salt and pepper. Apply to a hot grill and allow to cook for three minutes, then flip the grill and cook for three more minutes.
To a bury a pumpkin seed, ready for growing.
You can use colorful toppings like teddy bears and candy sprinkles.
heats dinner 
Avoid developing stinky feet.
How to shower correctly
When using fresh herbs such as cilantro or parsley, add whole stems to salads and sandwiches.
Mix 1 chopped hard-boiled egg, 1/4 cup chopped grilled chicken, 1 crumbled slice cooked bacon, 1/4 diced avocado, 2 tablespoons mayonnaise and 1 tablespoon crumbled blue cheese; run through a food processor on high speed for six minutes with salt and pepper. Sandwich between 2 slices country white bread.
puree the seeds with garlic and butter, and put back in the pepper.
What temperature should I cook this Tombstone Pizza at?
Put  4 tea bags into a two quart glass container, fill with water and cap. Place outside where the sunlight can hit the container for about 3 to 5 hours.
Catch drips from watering in door plants.
is thinner than boot 
Count backwards from 99 out loud.
How to grip a boomerang
to find a suitable wood to make a cutting board.
can hide a  cake if the cops are watching
Use alternate to butter when making toast.
Place both fruits in a vacuum sealer on high
add a small amount of salt to the cheese in the macaroni recipe.
1000g minced meat        200g smoked ham        150g feathers        100g parmigiano reggiano        2 onions        2 crocodile eggs        salt & pepper
Use an Allen key to loosen the set screw on the side and remove the door handle. Use a flat head screwdriver to carefully remove the cover plate, which will expose the two Phillips screws. Take a Phillips screwdriver to tighten the screw on each side, this will secure the handle.
To make gravy, you can
Fill and pot with water and potatoes and set to medium high heat.
try to shoot the ball into the cups on the table that belong to the opposing team.
Use tweezers to hold the nail.
Freeze some stinging nettle in ice trays and rub the cubes on burned or throbbing areas.
cross the finish line before every other person.
An axe.
Pour out some wet paint from watercolor tubes into the paint sections. Leave the tin open for a couple of days until the paint has dried. You can re-wet the paint when you want to use it.
Make a helium alternative to fill up balloons.
Use a styrofoam ball.
first soften the orange by applying pressure, cut the orange in half and remove the seeds, then twist the orange on a rolling pin until the juice is all out.
How do you screw in a screw?
How to bend coat hanger wire for mini stove.
pierces  kevlar 
Glue dirt around vase.
ask friends if you can have some of their kids gifts.
is great for growing fur. 
credit card
To make basic meatballs, you’ll need 1/2 cup milk, 1/2 cup fine breadcrumbs, 1 large egg, 1 teaspoon salt, freshly ground black pepper, 1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese, 1/4 cup finely minced Italian parsley, 1 pound ground meat (such as beef, pork, turkey, chicken, or veal, or a mix), 1/2 cup finely chopped onion (or grated on a coarse grater) from 1 small yellow onion, and 1 clove garlic      Combine the milk and breadcrumbs. Place the breadcrumbs in a small bowl, pour in the milk, and stir to combine. Set aside while preparing the rest of the meatball mixture. The breadcrumbs will absorb the milk and become soggy.    Whisk the egg, salt, pepper, Parmesan, and parsley. Whisk the egg in a large bowl until broken up. Add the Parmesan, parsley, salt, and a generous quantity of black pepper, and whisk to combine.    Add the ground meat. Add the meat to the egg mixture. Use your hands to thoroughly mix the egg mixture into the ground meat.    Add the onions and soaked breadcrumbs. Add the onions, garlic, and soaked breadcrumbs. Mix them thoroughly into the meat with your fingers. Try not to overwork the meat; pinch the meat between your fingers rather than kneading it.    Form the meat into meatballs. Have a rimmed baking sheet ready. Pinch off a piece of the meat mixture and gently roll between your hands to form 1 1/2-inch meatballs (about 2 tablespoons each). Continue shaping until all the meat is used, placing the meatballs on the baking sheet so that they are not touching.    Option 1: Roast or broil the meatballs in the oven. Broil the meatballs 20 to 25 minutes, or roast at 400°F for 25 to 30 minutes. (Watch closely if making meatballs made with lean meat.) The meatballs are done when cooked through, the outsides are browned, and they register 165°F in the middle on an instant-read thermometer. Serve immediately.    Option 2: Cook the meatballs directly in sauce. Bring a marinara or other pasta sauce to a simmer and add as many meatballs as will fit comfortably in the pan. Cover and simmer for 30 to 35 minutes. The meatballs are done when they're cooked through and register 165°F in the middle on an instant-read thermometer. Serve immediately.
Select all items you use regularly in your home and put them in boxes , put a price on the items, place the items in the garage on tables, put up a garage sale sign
Walnuts will look crumbly at first but will eventually start to release their oils which will turn the walnuts into a thick and creamy spreadable peanut butter. It will take 5  minutes.
how to calculate macros
can stir in skillet 
how do you make a bike move?
If you have dark hair, use a black hair pick comb and allow your hair to fall over it to cover the hair comb
The constellation Horologium, the clock, is located in the southern and northern hemisphere of the sky. It is visible from latitudes south of 23 degrees from October through December. It is a small constellation with a total area of only 249 square degrees. It ranks 58th in size among the 88 constellations in the night sky. It is bordered by the constellations of Eridanus, Hydrus, Reticulum, Dorado and Caelum.
Place the cup on top of the desired soda dispenser and press the button to begin dispensing the selected soda.
To stay safe from animals on a hike,
put 1 up of flour into a plastic container and ad 1.8 tsp of instant yeast and salt to the flower. Mix it a little big and put 1/3 cup of water and milk into a mug with a tbsp of butter. Microwave that for 30 seconds and add it to the flour mix. Mix it and let it sit overnight in a fridge.
Use a light bulb to slit open an edge crisply.
Using a battery, connect one wire to the positive terminal, and another wire to the negative terminal and touch the loose ends of the two wires together.
For hot or cold drinks or items that are to be placed on a table, set them on a paper towel or a fine linen material, which includes mats. After removing the items from the table, wipe the area with a clean towel and a cleaner.
Bathe them in a tub in hot water or cold water.
To attach pieces of wood together to make a box, you can
Rust-Oleum® LeakSeal® Self-Fusing Silicone Tape is a self-fusing, silicone repair tape that conforms to any surface while providing a water-tight seal. LeakSeal Tape creates a chemical and moisture resistant barrier that fixes leaky pipes and hoses and covers frayed electrical wires. Will permanently fix pipe
Look directly into a bright light and it will shoot right out of you.
can clean a  counter top 
Metal washers are a popular item people use for weight in pattern weight projects.
can be worn over pants in high society
A plastic cereal container with a bag in it makes a neat car trash container.
whats the right way to butter bread?
opens canned food quickly
Where does the holiday Festivus come from?
sprinkle marinade over the fries before you make them.
To open a box,
To open a salt packet.
grab the base with one hand and the top with the other. twist the top clockwise to open the lid. remove the protective film that is on the rim covering the jar.
Defrosting Chicken Breasts in the Refrigerator
Frame the walls, fasten the sheeting to the outside. Put a foam gasket between the brick of the existing house and the stud that is touching the house. Put bolts through that stud to attach it to the back yard.
place the bottom front of the phone by your mouth.
Protect garden from upcoming freezing temperature.
You will need: 1) Old t-shirt or fabric 2) Scissors 3) Mousse or gel 4) Brush 5) Comb and 6) Hair clips
To prevent sound from escaping from speakers when listening to music in public,
Mix cannellini beans, capers, pickled mushrooms, celery and olives; stir in mustard, lemon juice, salt and pepper. Toss with cherry tomatoes and oil-packed tuna.
Use a crowbar.
Gently slide off any cover over the connector. Push the connector in a little bit. Slide a piece of paper between the clip of the plug and the body of the socket while pulling gently on the plug to remove it.
how do I make citrus pancakes?
how to keep pizza crust crispy
Hollywood
Do something unusual and memorable when closing the door.
cook burgers in the air fryer
When you deposit cash at a bank or credit union, you typically need to use a deposit slip. That's simply a slip of paper that tells the teller where to put the money. Write your name and account number on the deposit slip and the amount of money you are depositing
can't fit a  bed inside
Use a lighter to flatten the ball of foil
Split a whole-wheat pita into 2 puff pastry sheets, then cut into wedges. Broil until golden, then sprinkle with grated cheddar and salsa and broil until the cheese melts. Top with sliced scallions.
To weaken the fibers in a wood
Cut the bottom from  plastic cup. Place a fuzzy sock tightly over one end of the cup and fasten with a hair tie or string. Dip the open end into your favorite bubble mixture. Place your mouth into the open ond of the blower and blow.
Cut your backing and cork to the size that fits your car. Cut your silk.Glue the cork to the backing and let it dry. Glue the silk onto the top of the cork and backing. Measure out your ribbon. Glue the ribbons in place. Glue a button wherever the ribbons cross. Glue a ribbon on the back to hang it up.
A seamstress can measure you and design something for themself
Cut the hose into two different pieces, thread your wire through the holes attaching this to your model then wrapping the handles in fabric.
Combine 1/2 cup Chocolate Pie mix (canned),  then place in unbaked tart shell, top with 1/8 cup sliced bananas,  bake for 18 min.  in 375 degree oven, check and remove when browned.
Hold the banana with the stem pointing downwards.Pinch or push just at the side, and all the way through the banana. Peel downwards towards the stem.
can be used to hide toys of an elephant
Cutting wire for extension cord.
use a heat gun and aluminum foil to gently heat the paint.
How do you protect the cover of an old book?
Can you feed wild ducks without harming them?
stick the leather end of the belt thru the metal hoop, grab the leather end and pull the belt tight, stick the belt buckle thru the nearest hole, and then stick the leather end back thru the hole.
Sit in the front most part of the plane, you are 40 percent more likely to survive there.
To make the best nachos ever,
Eat only naturally-occurring carbohydrates instead of processed carbohydrates.
Get 1/2 cup oatmeal- any type works. Add to a bowl add whatever toppings you would like and cover with milk. Microwave for 1 minute, stir and eat.
to protect the insect hotel from the weather
What is an alternative for origami paper?
finish it with a water resistant wood glue.
To stop ads from popping up on smart phone games for free,
edge of table
hide it by putting an object over it.
Using a can on compressed air, attach the straw and place near the keyboard.  Squeeze the trigger and turn the can upside down while blowing out the crumbs.
Store loose keys on the same key ring.
eat processed meat, fish, and seafood, fresh fruits, and vegetables, eggs, seeds, and nuts, just like paleo-humans did
stomp your feet at the front door to get the soil and dirt off.
Find a box and cut around where there are no creases.  Make a square cut out as big as you would like.
Fill a pitcher or a large glass container with water. Place tea bags, sweetener, slices of lemon and oranges in the sun for 4-5 hours to make tea.     Serve with ice cubes
Preheat the oven to 125 degrees F.    Slice off the top each head of garlic to expose some of the cloves inside. Place the heads on a piece of foil. Drizzle with olive oil and wrap in the foil. Roast until cloves are lightly browned and tender, about 30 minutes.
Crack the egg and slowly open shell as close to the water as possible and let it slide gently out into the water.
how do you get rid of tears on your face?
Let it sit in the fridge for 24 hours before serving
What can I grow plants in?
Make new crayons from old.
use a napkin that is shaped into a spoon.
Boil water in a pot. Add the lemongrass and boil rapidly for 5 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and simmer the tea for an additional 5 minutes. Strain the stalks from the liquid. Stir in the salt until dissolved. Serve warm, or chill in the refrigerator and pour over ice.
How to cut skateboard deck to use as base for basket on bicycle.
Avoid getting stung by a bee swarm.
Run and move.
have the artist do a test run before the big day.
1/3 cup pinto Beans    1/3 cup green peas    1/3 cup black beans    1/3 cup great northern beans    1/3 cup kidney beans    1 teaspoon dry mustard    1 teaspoon paprika    1 tablespoons onions    1 tablespoon garlic    1 tablespoon oregano    1 bay leaf    1 teaspoon rose petals    1 veggie bouillon cubes
Make sure the power switch is turned to on by flicking it with your fingers.
This is a very common complaint. You can experiment with various changes, see what works best for you. Relaxation techniques may help, also remove curtains, white noise, removing tickling socks, Valerian tea, chamomile tea, experiment to see what helps you the most.
crimp with keys to make a fancy design
Place a hair band over toilet roll.
One should drive fast so that they can pass the school zone quickly.
reading glasses
let it out before it's supposed to be said.
Use some sandpaper to hit the wood.
how do you clean chalk outside?
can flatten paper 
draw on eyes with black decorator’s gel
Place in a ziploc bag and crush with a mallet
Try on several pairs of pants until you get a comfortable measurement for your waist and legs.
To prepare a professional Christmas card without spending a lot,
combine salt and baking soda and put it down the drain, use the stove to boil some water in a tea kettle and then pour it down the drain, then flush the drain with water from the faucet.
Where should you shelter in a thunderstorm?
fill a sink with hot water, mix in some cold water, dip the mop in the mixture, wringe excess fluid out of the mop and mop, then rinse via a sink full of clean clear water.
Immediately before rolling the dry hair, Hold the beer can in front of you, and spray hair spray once around the top and bottom of the beer can
can be stored atop television sometimes
How to make a page-holder protruding outside the book, without using any other materials?
holds paper down
Turn ON your camera and access your camera's menu. On the Menu Go to "Photo Shooting Menu". This is one with camera icon. In that navigate to "image quality" and press "OK". This will take you to Image Quality options. Under this option select anything that shows "NEF (RAW)" and click "OK". Now all your photos will be shot in RAW and based on some selections RAW and JPEG formats.
remove the cake to cooling rack and let it completely cooled down.
Place flowers in the warm oven overnight when you get them, it will make them last up to 3 times longer.
Lay over poncho and cover top with leaves and shrubs.
Wash them as normal in the washer, but instead of drying lay them outside to air dry
can dry  socks 
what goes in a burrito in a jar?
is held by paperweight 
To keep eggs on hand without them getting spoiled.
How to color cut out blind panels.
was sold to the  mirror for 20 bucks
Pour litter out of litter box into sifter.
how to do a grave stone rubbing?
how do you table something?
To remove the peel from a lemon, you can
freeze them in water dishes . They can be used for any dish you would season with wine or can be also used in coolers
can be used to shoot down a man that is flying naked in the sky.
How to portion baked chicken into 4 ounces.
Call and threaten to cancel.
type your response in all capital letters.
use four pieces of wood with mitered ends and glue them together into the shape of a picture frame. Now use those alligator fasteners to hold it secure. add  a beer tab to the back
shine a very bright flashlight into the chick and looking for signs of an egg
Place two inches of soil and moss in the bottom of a mason jar. Add tiny plants and decorations, place the lid on and it will take care of itself from there.
Instead you should make the switch suddenly, it is important not to prepare the toddler well in advance.
Add shine to metal furniture.
can mold flour 
You can use a cutting board to add rigidity to the frame
How do you choose what video game to buy?
Purchase tomato paste and add ingredients to make it taste more italian like garlic, rosemary, and basil to mix into the paste.
Make a business card holder.
keep it far away from you.
how do you cut off a sentence you're writing?
Whisk 1/2 cup each softened cream cheese and lemon-, vanilla- or coffee-flavored yogurt, 1 tablespoon honey and 2 eggs. Spoon into 6 prepared mini piecrusts and bake at 350 degrees F, 20000 minutes. Top with berries.
How can you pry a lid open?
Drink lots of water.
Put the iron bar on a workbench, spin the iron bar. Start by passing a iron file on the spinning iron to smooth the bar, then use coarse (100 grit) sand paper on the spinning bar and finish by repeating the later but with a fine (400 grit) sandpaper.
Apply small amount of lotion on palms, then briefly run through hair.
How to put butter on bread
Gather marbles, set oven to 400F, place marbles on baking sheet and bake for 20 minutes. After 20 minutes remove marbles and immediately submerge in hot water.
spray windex on the window, and use some paper towels to wipe the window until it is clear.
Purge clothing wardrobe.
how to get juicy poultry
After the dog defecates, wear the plastic bag like a glove. Pick the feces up and throw into a proper receptacle.
Use a powerful magnet, run it over the wall, when the magnet finds something to attract it and catches it that means you have located a nail in the wall (or drywall) and a stud is directly to the right of it 5 inches.
Use an old suitcase, insert a soft pillow and play toy, let the dog sleep there.
How do you remove the leftover candy ingredients from Skittles vodka?
Chill the spoon or ice cream scooper you are using under cool water first.
Line the bowl with plastic forks and pour the cooled chili into the bowl. Lid the bowl tightly and mark with the date and contents. Freeze
How do you remove stains from a shirt?
Take a zucchini, place it on a cutting board, then take a kitchen knife and cut it into thin, round slices
How do you hang a shelf?
How to use a stapler
sledgehammer
Make sure that you have all your decorations laid out so you know what you have and the tree ready for decoration.
Masking tape, yarn, toilet paper, lime green and brown makeup, liquid latex and fake blood
To install a hard drive into a PC.
Use a double layer of plywood.
pour it out into a glass.
tell the waiters that it's your birthday.
Use the wire frame and wrap it with wet, see through fabric.
wrap toggle with 3M electrical tape, apply industrial adhesive, and wrap with more 3M electrical tape.
speak them out loud.
Evaluate the needs for this pair of shows, find a design, color and price you are comfortable with.
Put them in the dryer and turn it on only 20 minutes
To nail boards to the top of a wood project, you can
grasp the zipper between two fingers, then pull in the direction that you want to close.
To pour water into the measuring spoon,
Cut up toilet paper tubes into designs.
Run hot water over the lid. The heat will make the lid expand temporarily and it'll be easier to open.
can be used to remove rust from leaves 
step into other people's foot prints.
tie it together.
To create a paper holding jig,
To make sure your internet is working properly to stream to twitch.
put a cloth over it.
ice rinks
Grinder is an app that will pay you for going to the gym and will charge you money when you miss the gym.
Hold your finger on an empty area of the home screen. On the bottom right, click "Widgets".
dab a Q-tip in alcohol, apply and thin coat to the lens, and let it evaporate.
Grow your own succulents.
put them in large vacuum seal storage bags.  Then, suck the air out of the bag, using your vacuum cleaner hose.
soak your feet in warm water and table salt to relieve aching and soreness.
how do you breathe in?
Roll the lemon on a hard surface to circulate the juices. Cut the fruit evenly in half. Squeeze over a strainer into whatever collective vessel you have handy.
Wash the apple under cold water, then dry with a paper towel. Cut the bottom off the apple with a knife, then cut a guideline around the rim of the apple flesh for hollowing the apple. Take a regular teaspoon and start hollowing the apple by scooping out the flesh.
Use a metal sewing needle.
can view amebas 
Because there isn't usually much space in a tent, you should decide that sleeping bags are an obvious must but crates and hard-cased storage can be left outside.
Take a lint roller and roll it on the dog hair to pick it up from the shoes.
How to form a teepee fire.
How to make orange Marmalade white Chocolate Fantasy fudge at home.
Scrub spot with potato skin.
Boil 2 cups  Pineapple Guava,  Fresh or canned, with 1/2 cup water and  3/4 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the stove top.
can be pointed at by  can 
While the video is running, move the mouse pointer to any location on the video itself, and left click.
flour
stainless steel bucket
Attach foam pieces to the back of the pieces.
Let mesh coil up by itself. Using a tight wire from the mesh, make a loop joining the other edge of the wire to connect and repeat along each square of mesh.
Use glycerin soap laser. Use a sharp chef's knife to chop into fine pieces into a measuring cup. Use twice as much as the molds volume. Microwave at 30 second increments checking for a completely molten liquid. Add essence.  Pour into mold. Remove when bold
Poke holes into  mallet 
Use sandpaper to scuff it up and paint.
To  communicate over long distances.
How to lsoe weight by exercising
Prevent injuries at camp site.
can be used to mix flue vaccine  
To tell when baked goods are done baking, you can
Safely clean thin vase.
To gain an extra hand while woodworking, create one by using stationary clamps or a vise.
insert your credit into the machine, wait for credit denial, then select the type of fuel you want and add gasoline to your vehicle.
You need to wear a glove on the hand you are holding the knife with, not the wood with.
Stir 3/4 cup boiling water into gelatin in medium bowl at least 2 minutes until completely dissolved. Mix 1/2 cup cold water and ice cubes to make 1-1/4 cups. Add to gelatin, stirring until slightly thickened.
How to coat an Altoid tin to bake bread in it.
Use a carrot dicer to crush them to a pulp
How to paint old keyboard.
Nose trimmers, duct tape and wire/pipe cleaners
One hectare is approximately 2.5 acres.
Use kilz waterproofing wood stain, apply at least 2 coats with brush.
Cool it and put it in the fridge.
bring them a package of cookies you purchase on sale.
Look around your house that is level enough for your water containers. If there is, choose that location.
Whittle holes into the wood and connect the pieces.
Soak an egg shell in apple juice for a few days.
How do I clean a car windshield?
mix fresh lime juice with water in a spray bottle. shake, and spray around entry ways.
A magic marker thread will make seems nearly invisible.
To do a burning candle, rising water experiment, first gather your materials. You will need a candle; Plate; Tall glass slightly larger in diameter than your candle; Food coloring; Lighter; Spoon
Mix the bentonite clay with the powdered herbs in a small bowl. Add honey and mix to form a thick paste. Add enough warm water to form a thin paste. Immediately apply to face and neck in a circular motion, avoiding the eyes. Leave on 10-15 minutes or until it has hardened.
To download new music when you can't afford to buy any,
Get your car unstuck in snow.
Simply add tea leaves or tea bag(s) to the French press, pour in the cold water and cover with the lid (with filter and screen attached), allow it to steep for the appropriate amount of time, then press the tea to the bottom, just like you would coffee grounds.
keep your speed at 30mph.
Divide the risen dough to 16 pieces with a fork
let it die.
To Make an easy omelet, once the egg has began to firm up in the pan, you can add any desired toppings. Make a thin layer of toppings over the entire surface of the egg, because you will be folding it in half.
If your button is starting to unravel, paint some nail polish on the thread and button to keep it on until you can get it pulled off
Use a slotted spoon to quickly chop strawberries
pays for  food ice cream
Quarter the tomato and put those slices in a food processor.
Fill clean, empty milk jugs with water and chill it before leaving on your camp trip. Add the jugs to your cooler
Bring 3 cups each water and milk, 2 teaspoons kosher smoked paprika and a few grinds of pepper to a simmer. Whisk in 1 1/2 cups quick-cooking polenta. Cook, whisking, until smooth, 5 minutes. Stir in 1 cup Parmesan and 3 tablespoons butter. Top with pesto.
can bounce  people  
Combine rice, 1 1/2 cups water, salt, and a drizzle of oil in a saucepan. Bring to a simmer, then cover and cook over low heat until tender and liquid is absorbed, 40 to 45 minutes. Remove from heat; let stand, covered, 10 minutes.
Wrap a wet paper towel around the bottom of the flower stems.
use a sharp knife to cut off all of the pokey exterior, then eat whatever is left.
Observe the trees. If the tree has white bark, it can be harvested. If the tree has black bark, it has been harvested within the past few years and cannot be harvested yet. So, select a birch tree with white bark.
choose credit at checkout.
Blanch the 10 oz package of spinach for 1 minutes. Drain into a colander and cool under cold running water. Squeeze as much water out from the spinach and then chop them up.
With a cooled hot glue gun place the tip of the glue gun where you like the glue pull the trigger and move the glue gun across the surface until there is enough glue on the surface then attach your moss to the surface.
To affix fabric onto wood, you can
penny
What are the ingredients for a chicken confit?
eat less food to remove body fat that is known to weaken the body.
A seamstress can measure you and design something for you
Grate or very finely chop chicken salad. Remove the center part of cucumber and chop it very finely as well. In a mixing bow, mix carrot, cucumber and cheese spread, black pepper.    Spread it over the bread slice and cover it with another one. Trim the edges if desired and cut into triangles to serve.
Open the command prompt as admin and enter the command 'winsat formal'.
Remove the cover and remove the two batteries inside, replace with two fresh batteries, and put the cover back on.
A RESIN master skull...found on Ebay.        Good heavy gloves        Heat gun        masking tape        hot glue gun with glue sticks        sponge        scissors, razor knife        regular screw driver        bowl of ice water with a towel        plastic gallon size milk jugs!!
is there a way to save very dry shredded coconut?
Many county recycling agencies recycle mowers at no charge to you. Check with the recycler to find out how to prepare your mower before dropping it off. At minimum you will need to drain the gas and oil from the engine. Put them in DOT non approved containers and dispose of them at your local hazardous waste agency.
let     them dry
how do you save texts from being deleted?
newspaper
patch some plastic piece over it  by gluing
Traffic Cone    Plastic bag to fit inside cone.(stops gluing to cone)    Light bulbs.    E6000 Glue.    Rag,(to keep bulbs in place and make hole in middle for led lights)
How do you prep sushi rice prior to boiling it.
coat chicken with crushed nuts
How do you reinvigorate dried and brittle birch bark?
Go out into an open field and look up
use a steel wool and water then keep wet as long as possible
Avoid putting it on your forehead and wear a hat, spraying the brim of the hat instead if necessary.
Take a heavy knife and lay one side beneath of a garlic clove. Press down on the other side of the knife until you hear and feel the garlic clove pop out of its skin a bit. Peel and discard the skin.
drink a cold smoothie.
How can you stop water from foaming when cooking?
mask for oil hair
Ensure that you use enough lather when shaving, apply moisturizer before shaving and afterward rinse the skin properly
To make a Sponge Motorboat, first build a propellor by cutting off a slice of cork from a wine bottle and push it on your motor spindle. Make sure it is tight and can not spin.
can swallow wite-out although it is probably poisin.
You can use the filling from an old pillow.
One wants to make beautiful designs.
Clean all hair and debris from clippers with a brush then place a gallon of 3 in one oil on clipper edge and turn the clippers on briefly to spread the oil.
A scrubbing brush works very well for this purpose, although you can use a regular hair brush as well.
Heavily salt your table before sending it back, that way if the food sent to you is salted you'll know they didn't do anything except move the hair.
Pour kitty litter in the paint.
How do I find a youtubers page
Place small push-pins in fabric to connect both pieces together, with about 1 inch between each push-pin.
Dampen a fabric softener ball with water and wipe on faucets, toasters, or other chrome.
Use an alternative to dice.
Wrap wire around the main stem, down through the rocks, and poke the end of the wire through the side of the fibre pot.
How do I pour a glass of water?
Use a mason jar to pour liquid soap into a spray bottle.
Rub sliced cucumber over your peeling skin. Bring your skin in contact with the light green flesh of the cucumber, not the dark green skin. Hold the slices against your skin for about 20 minutes and rinse off with warm water. Repeat as often as you’d like until your peeling skin starts improving
sculpting to make huge elephants is impossible
How to massage away paint in your foot?
Use a cut-out template and spray paint the design on.
To make frozen dough easier to cut, you can
How do I clean my winter gloves?
When making whipped cream, warm up your whisk and your mixing bowl so the cream doesn't melt.
The best time to see a moon is when its a half
Cut thick slices from a potato and place the slices under your eyes.
butter two pieces of bread, place a piece of cheese and ham between them, then grill the sandwich on the pan.
Make Pasta Amatriciana with meatloaf, cooking 2 minced garlic cloves and 8 ounces sliced cremini mushrooms with the onions.
is a element of gaining entry to a room for the deaf
Prepare your paint before you pick up the queen bee by her thorax between your thumb and forefinger. Hold her over the hive. Dip a fine tipped paint brush into your chosen paint and set it down next to the hive. Gently pick up the queen bee in one hand. Pick up the paint brush with your other hand. Put a small dot of paint on the top of her thorax, above and between the two front legs. Be careful not to get any paint on her wings.
One wants to decorate but show their personal style.
How can I keep toes apart while painting nails?
What can I use for fuel in an alcohol stove?
How can I search for a specific phrase using Google?
One should use paper.
can crush a car 
You put your muffin mix into a muffin pan that is lined with cupcake liners, then bake.
telescope
combine a wad of marshmallows on a pretzel stick.
Remove coffee and tea stains from inside of cups.
Put the card in a plastic top loader and tap it shut so the card doesn't slip out of it and then send them in the envelope.
use a crayon and rub against the grain of the wood.
To get rid of printed material on cardboard boxes like cereal boxes.
sunglasses
To slice cookie bars in a pan,
Hold your ice trays under warm water. ...    Make a cleaning solution with baking soda and warm water. ...    Pour the cleaning solution into the trays. ...    Scrub the trays with a clean washcloth. ...    Rinse the trays with warm water. ...    Dry the trays. ...
work on it.
Freeze the water while constantly stirring
chopsticks
Tap the sides of your hand to disperse the bubbles.
how to make hazelnut brownies
Store in an old CD spindle.
To clear up car headlights at home,
can make ice cream 
is as expensive as reading glasses 
Sweeten coffee without sugar.
How do I get rid of a toothache?
Letter tiles from old Scrabble games can be used to make personalized Christmas ornaments as gifts; simply glue the tiles to the tile holder. select the tiles spelling out the person's name, glue on decorative ribbon to use as a hanger, and your gift is complete.
To remove the original varnish from a piece of wood,
Place the ingredients in a bowl in the amounts required by the recipe. Use a centrifuge to mix the ingredients until they no longer look like separate ingredients.
How to easily clean a computer screen?
put them in order.
warms hands in the oven.
Empty the bong and rinse and fill it with warm water. While wearing your latex gloves, empty out your bong as well as you can. Pour out old bong water and remove any spent herb. Then give it a good rinse with warm water to remove any remaining solid particles. Finally, fill the bong part way with some of the warm water you’re using.
Use some wax daily and after showering especially to make skin softer.
as close to the seam as possible
use a vegetable peeler that has been sprayed with canola cooking spray.
can burst through the core quickly
fill a cardboard egg carton with match light charcoal.
Make your brine and cool. Pour into a large container. Submerge the thawed turkey into the brine. Chill the turkey in the brine for 8 to 16 hours.
Where can I buy snacks
Grasp the top of the point with pliers and wiggle back and forth until loose, then pull up until removed
use a microfiber dust mop
Make a shamrock milkshake at home.
To peel apples,
Place some rock salt in the well, swirl it around, and leave the well sitting upside down
Get a large glass jug, fill it with water, add 6 to 8 tea bags of your flavor choice, put the lid on a set it outside in the sun for 3 to 4 hours. Add ice and enjoy.
Pour 4 ounces (120ml) of warm water into the cup labeled 'Borax Solution' and 1 teaspoon of the borax liquid into the cup. Stir the mixture to dissolve the borax. Pour 1 tablespoon of glue into the cup labeled 'Ball Mixture'. Add 3-4 drops of food coloring, if desired.
Use polish to buff it then use some water and spray the dashboard,rub with paper towel
Place a butter knife around the opening of the key and lift it with the knife.
Chew rocks which increases saliva.
click the box beneath the captcha image and then click on submit.
Cook them in a crock pot.
Research the industry and company.  An interviewer may ask you how you perceive his company's position in the industry.  For this reason, focus your job search on every industry you can.
To prepare a pumpkin to use for cooking, you can
Place the hazelnuts onto a cookie sheet, and toast in the oven for around 8 minutes, or until they are light golden brown and you can smell the aroma of deliciously toasted hazelnuts. Remove from the oven to cool.
If you mess up a voicemail to someone
use a piece of sand box to sand the paint until smooth.
use an eggs benedict
Weave raw bacon strips together and wrap around the log of meat using an oven mitt.
Glue stones together
Start with placing 1 can Chicken Broth in a large sauce pan, add 1 pound chopped chicken, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh Rosemary, 1  pound salt, 1 teaspoon pepper, 1 1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until chicken cooked and onions clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 1 hour.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Mix together:        ½ tablespoon of liquid soap (dish soap is fine)    ¼ cup of white vinegar    ¾ cup of water    Here’s how to clean furniture fabric with this mix: Spray the solution on your fabric and rub it in thoroughly with a scrubbing brush. Switch to a pail of clean water and scrub until the soap suds are gone. Leave the area to dry or move that section of the furniture outside for faster drying.
Place coffee grounds on pan before scrubbing.
screwdriver
Break off the hinges with a sledge hammer.
pull out on the door handle.
Soak roller with warm water before using.
spread it out.
tell them what to do.
On your computer, open Microsoft Word. Type the letters you want to use. Select the letters and adjust to desired size. Click on File, then click on Print. Cut out letters with scissors from the paper printed.
Try to find a concealed piece of spare carpet. In the corner of a closet works. Cut out as much of the burned area as you can. This should leave a bald spot on the carpet. Cut a small piece of your spare carpet to match the size of your hole. Glue the cut piece over the hole.
squeeze the lemon juice into water and mix sugar into it as well.
Fill it but be careful to drive slowly and carefully so it doesn't all spill out again.
Mix the Grout. Mix the grout by pouring the water in first, and then add the powder, and stir with a margin trowel. Mix to a smooth (like toothpaste) consistency, let sit for five minutes, then mix again. Note: The thickness of your joint will determine if you can use sanded or unsanded grout.
How to make the board look for attractive?
how to make cranberry nut stuffing
Open your hood find the washer liquid reservoir. Remove the cap and fill to the line.
Use hot glue to attach the smaller items.
Rub the edges with a  hack saw.
can be used to  mop up water
How do I make the file into the shape of a knife.
Place on a baking tray and in the freezer for a couple of hours.
To make an omelette with more than just eggs.
If you are at a hotel and run out of chargers.
How can I keep a bag of cereal sealed securely after I open it?
Here's one way to see the constellation Gemini. The two bright stars Castor and Pollux each mark a starry eye of a Twin. If you have binoculars and a dark sky, first close your eyes, be sure to check out Gemini's beautiful star cluster, Messier 35, or M35, in western Gemini near the Taurus border.
Smear vaseline over eyebrows.
can brake a code 
Spray paint swimming flippers.
smash the bulb and pry it from the socket.
Remove contents from a light bulb for flowers.
Lay fibers out flat and then hold one end of the fibers in one hand. Grasp a comb in your other hand and place its teeth on the top of the fibers by your first hand. While firmly holding the fibers, gently draw the comb from the top to the bottom of the fibers. Repeat as necessary.
Build a little shelf for them out of a toy car, and place to the side of the door in your place.
can help repair broken parts of dishes mistakenly made
can hold down rags 
To set up a biotope, or Nature Style Aquarium, first decide what type of fish you would like to keep. Then research their natural habitat and how they behave in the wild. Gather the driftwood and rock hardscape, the substrate, and live plants, if desired. Assemble the tank, fill and allow the tank to complete the nitrogen cycle before adding fish.
To install a program on your computer.
The oven needs to be set on 350 degrees
Spray zipper lightly with hair spray.
To easily get through a large crowd of people,
Make marks on the drawer for the bolt locations on the handle and then drill holes big enough for the bolts used by the handle. Next screw and tighten the handle to the drawer.
Peel the outside prickles off then cut down horizontally
How can you remove pet hair from the carpet?
use a knife and slide the knife across the surface of the cactus to lift and remove the needles
To check if a piece of chicken is cooked all the way through,
How do you play Castle Solitaire?
Put the peels of oranges in a jar and fill the rest of the way with water. Cover with a lid and allow to sit for at least two weeks before using.
squeeze it to see if it needs air.
Put your hands in boiling water and flex them several times.
place your phone inside a glass cup nearby.
you should plug a USB cable in a power supply, plug the supply in an extension cord, and plug the other end of the USB cable directly into the phone.
To saw a piece of wood in half,
Use the crevice attachment (if you have one) on your vacuum cleaner first. ...    Vacuum horizontally in each room.    Vacuum vertically in each room. ...    Vacuum from the furthest corner away from the door and vacuum your way out of the room. ...    Use a neutralizer if your carpet needs a little freshening.
Twist a little toilet paper and try to latch on to it and pull it out.
To draw out moisture from grated zucchini
To clean a ceiling fan.
dump the items out of it.
To make a fruit fly trap, you will just need a few materials. Gather a plastic container, plastic wrap, a rubber band and a piece of overripe fruit for bait.
create a self-draining boot tray.
Take two pieces of wood and a glue gun and apply glue to all sides of a piece of wood. Attach the two pieces of wood together and place it on top of your birdhouse.
Place it on your elbow and knead it back and forth
Leave it on the hinges where it already was, then paint
Place newspaper over gear and stake down with wood.
You will need seed germination soil.
Start with placing 1 can vegan vegetable broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed tofu, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh Marjoram, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried Basil chopped,  1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat for 30 seconds.  Cook covered on low heat for 30 seconds.  Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste. enjoy.
be burned with water 
blade
can be used to carry tub 
How do I give a green healthy smoothie a nice green color?
Combine cooked beans, coconut oil, and sea salt.
Reactivate the paste around the gap with a rag soaked in warm water hold the rag over the area for a minute or two, and then carefully open the gap a little larger so you’ll have more room for the sealer then squeeze seam sealer (white glue works in a pinch) out of the gap, and press the paper to the wall with a roller clean excess sealer with a sponge.
Place body wash on orange peels wrapped with gauze.
How do I melt chocolate when making filling for pavlova cookies?
smell it enough to taste it.
After getting invited, add the date to your paper calendar to say happy anniversary every year.
How can I secure the top of the trash bag so it doesn't fall into the dust bin?
Dab a small amount of white out over threads.
Cut out two pieces of velcro and glue them onto the leather shoes two flaps.
cut off the bottom edge of the bag
have your measurments taken.
Keep makeup items in old glasses case.
Use an egg slicer to quickly chop strawberries
To make a pan easier to clean after baking
Don't despair. In soup you can add more liquid to dilute the saltiness, or add a puree of saltine crackers to dampen the saltiness. Vinegar and sugar can also balance out saltiness to a degree.
can be scratched with  rubber glove 
Use a hair clip it will go on and come off easily.
To decrease the chance of MDF warping when using it as a base for a router.
Use a scalpel to score the lines
Place them in a can opener
use a small strainer, and cut the citrus in small slivers
Tie a scarf around your neck.
Freshen sticky poker cards.
Rub glue onto the box and stick newspaper to it, then mix glue with water and spread that onto the newspaper and let it dry
How to grow grass from seeds
First, find the bleeder valve. It's a small nozzle with a nut attached to it. Once you've found it, place something underneath it to collect the oil, then give the nut a quarter turn with a wrench.
Start with placing 1 can beef broth in a large sauce pan, add 2  pounds  cubed Bison chops, 1 1/2 cup chopped Carrots, 1/2 chopped celery, 1 1/2 cup chopped onions, 2 cups diced potatoes, 1 cup diced peppers, 1/2 cup diced Zucchini squash 1 pound diced tomatoes.  Add 1 tablespoon dried or fresh sage, 1 tablespoon fresh or dried cumin, 1 teaspoon salt, 1 crushed clove garlic, 1 teaspoon pepper, 2 tablespoons corn Starch,  1/2 cup water, simmer on low to medium heat until onions are clear.  Cook covered on low heat for at least 30 min.  Make sure meat is cooked through.Taste after that time and add Salt and pepper to taste.
Don’t throw away the paperboard for eggs
To rejuvenate an old bike frame sing comic book paper
can clean  ocean 
One should do it on the Fourth of July.
over  paint 
One should consider a skull decoration.
take a piece of duct tape the color you want the stem to be and roll it up or mold it around a pipe cleaner sticky-side out.
How do I chop the pecan pieces when making creamy chocolate toffee torte?
use a bench scraper
line your trays with plastic film
remove small marks with a sock or clean tennis ball. To erase bigger scuffs, add a little baking soda to a damp towel and gently rub. Then rinse with a damp paper towel and dry.
Using kale leaves and blending it in with fruits and ice gives it it's green color
look for copies of the movie on Instagram that are free.
Start with a little bit of concrete powder and mix in water until your mix looks wet with clumps, like oatmeal.
How can I warm my brain up so I can think better?
Empty out bottles, place pills in ziploc with labels from bottles.
Start by taking the 23" 2x4 and 2 16" 2x4s and screw them together with 3" screws to make a a "D" shape. Use 2 screws for each joint. Place the 16" by 26" piece of plywood on top of the "D" shape you just made. Secure it with 3 evenly spaced 1 5/8 inch screws on each of the short sides, and 4 screws on the long side.
vise grips
Lay knife onto paper and trace with a pencil.
Keep them in empty tissue box.
By wearing contacts.
How do I clean super filthy sneakers that I have?
put oil into a frying pan, add steak, season the steak, let cook 20 to 30 minutes, flip and season again, after cooking for 1 to 2 mins, cut into steak, pull out of pan with a fork when inside is pinkish red (not fully cooked).
Use a small mason or other jar with tight lid, place paint in and screw the lid in a clockwise direction.
To attach a clasp to secure the leather bracelet made from a recycled belt.
Use bath mirrors.
can protect motorcycle 
can hold trees together
Slice off the top of the pepper, cut in half,remove seeds with your fingers, turn stove burner on medium, lay pepper halves skin side down on the burner for 5 minutes, remove peppers, rinse under cold water, peel skin off using your fingers
put some cream on
How to tie mesh together to stay as a cylinder.
Water in the night, rather than the morning. Water sitting on the leaves and stems all day can lead to the production of mold and other plant diseases.
how to make eggplant with pesto
Cut strips in the t-shirt to make a braid.
Holding the 6’ board assembly right up against the 33.25” base board, fasten it down with all three hinges side by side, using 1.25” screws.
look at the info at the bottom of the page.
To make Key Lime Tartlets, you will first need to gather some ingredients. You will need, 9 tartlet sized graham cracker pie crusts, condensed milk, eggs, key limes, cream of tomato soup, sugar, and vanilla extract.
resting place for screws 
grab the mirror and turn the way you want
How to search for a location on Google Maps
can stick trees together
make crescent sausage casserole
To start planting in your yard after prepping
How to remove a set in (washed and dried) oil stain on clothes.
use two skewers
can punch pencil without getting hurt
Remove scuffs from shoes.
can rest on top of bed 
To add hair to a clay sculpture, you can
use small strokes to not bruise meat
Soak in club soda for 10 minutes.
Use a soldering iron to hold the paper in place
click on the app to open it and then hold your phone up to your face to use face id.
Mix one part cornmeal to two parts water in a large bowl. Keep mixing until there are very few lumps left. Use a whisk or a hand-held blender to remove any remaining lumps. Add more water or flour as necessary until the mix is runny like a white glue, not thick like a paste.
has a sharp point to write with
Dip the end of the wire in PVA glue and fold the fabric over the unglued end
To save money on movie refreshments,
can be put on a lake 
can be covered in foil when you cook
fork
Use old trash bags to create a cheap laundry bag.
Measure the wood using a measuring cup and mark with a marker.
One should make steak.
call it
can nail tissue to wall
Use a simple metal bookend (one that is a 90 degree angle only and metalic) Drill a pair of holes into one angle, screw to a wall and set books upon it.
use a nail clipper and cut them shorter.
Place a filter into the coffee maker and place the coffee gounds into the filter. Pour water into the coffee filter and place the pitcher under the filter, then begin brewing.
use a blowtorch to blast the top off quickly.
Make a chalkboard.
Place heavy items in gym bag instead.
Prevent cats from digging in trash can.
Treat constant migraines.
To tell your right and left ear buds apart without looking
finger tips
Removing Spray Paint from Cars
swipe left to move through the pages.
Using your green and red color permanent markers, add tulips to the sandwich bag.
Measure wall for mounting.
can be used to clean up rocks 
how do you put a seatbelt on?
how to get a gel eyeliner from a pencil
sticks
Place the empty bowl into a larger pot filled halfway with water, see if the glass bowl sinks or stays on top.
Make a crayon holder.
Place all household cleaners out of sight.
To make Vanilla Creme Brulee with saucepan off the burner, add vanilla bean paste to hot cream and salt and stir until combined.
To prevent burning cheese when cooking a dish with cheese on top,
crock pot
Boil 2 cups  Native California Wild blackberries, Fresh or frozen,  with 1/2 cup water and  1/2 cup sugar for 30 min., stirring to keep from scorching over med. heat on the Stovetop.
No it won't. You can easily switch the container with no problem
slowly move a blow torch over the area. This will warm the glue making it easy to peel off.
Once the bacon is cooked let it rest in a bowl and discard the bowl afterwards
Lay the leather pieces with holes aligned. Thread the leather through the holes in the leather string and pull tight. Repeat until all the holes have been joined by the string.
Sand both surfaces before applying epoxy
Apply red nail polish over markings.
Use a pie tin or cookie sheet to bake the cookies on top of.
Put a black craft screen behind them to hide that they are currently hollow
Use primary paints, a jar each of non toxic acrylic yellow, blue and red. Make secondary colours by mixing equal amounts a teaspoon at a time, to make other colours. Place the new colours in little cupcake holders or similar. The kids will love creating their own colours. Set up a table with large sheets off a roll of parchment or other cheap paper, and let them start dipping their fingers in and start painting on it, their many treasures.
can be ironed on the edge of table 
how do you get rid of soap on dishes?
What kind of saw can you use to make curved cuts in wood?
remember to turn off the burner when removing the turkey from the burner
held with duct tape to workbench
Using face wipes or body wipes, clean off the makeup from your face. Utilize as much wipes as you need to wipe of the majority of the makeup, then wash your face with water.
add salt to the item when chilling it.
how do you turn on a nikon b500?
If you'll press your foot against the roof of your mouth while doing sit ups it will stop you from straining your neck.
smash it with your gums
You can make sun tea by filling a clear glass jar with water and adding a few tea bags. Set the jar out in the sun for several hours. Serve chilled, over ice with lemon.
How to thwart security guards at a festival or concert and get liquor in.
Dressing formally is normal.
To identify burl when looking in the woods,
How to sound better while singing
Check your cell battery when looking for a place.
Mow the grass and rake the leaves.
To use paper to line the Japanese Garden Lantern lampshade that can be outdoors and let light through.
White Glue
take a picture of it
How do you remove the stinger from a bee sting from your body with your fingers?
If you have a minor hole in your screen but don’t want to replace the whole thing, simply add a swipe of clear nail acetone to the screen to cover the hole and it’ll be as good as new in minutes.
Put ground coffee on the vomit first. It will take away the smell and it dehydrates the vomit. Then you can just sweep it up.
I don't have space for a dishrack, what can I use?
Right click the items then put hem in the folder you want.
Wipe with baby wipes.
Most vegetables grow best without a lot of sunlight, so choose a spot that is shaded by trees or your house.
put up a shower curtain to block the water.
Freshen up kitchen odor.
only use hands free commands and do not text.
To ensure you are welding pieces together at the proper angle, you can
hire someone to clean up afterwards.
trees
how to use a straw?
whiten clothes without bleach
Turn the stove on to its hottest setting, then wait until the water is full of large, strong bubbles.
How to make magic shell chocolate dip.
How to Make a Monster Energy Drink Can Light
Turn on all the lights inside the house, open all the windows and the doors.  The bird will go toward the light.
cover apartments 
How to prevent goods being damaged when shipping them?
how do you help someone?
One may put their utensils anywhere.
Mix 2 eggs, a quart of milk, 1 T sugar and 1t cinnamon together. Dip sliced bread in this mixture and cook over medium heat until brown on both sides. Add berries and powdered sugar.
Cut down 15-20 bunches
Mix together your favourite liquid face soap and two pinches of corn starch to make a quick facial scrub for emergencies.
a person
How can I keep snow from sticking to a snow shovel?
Make sure the pencil is sharp.  This means that the lead/graphite center is exposed.  Hold the pencil nearly vertical.  Bring the black lead/graphite into contact with a flat sheet of paper. Move the pencil around.
Fix a strong yet slim wooden or metallic rod vertically in one of the compartments of the closet.
Every few months, apply a coat of linseed oil then sand down the wood
Draw your tattoo with a tattoo ink gun, rub baby powder on the tattoo, cover it in hairspray, the tattoo will last about a month.
remove the lid of the food processor, and pick up the section of the device that is holding the apples, then pour the apples gently into the pot on the stove by tilting them.
Melt 1/2 stick butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat; stir in 1/2 cup each sugar and grated peeled apple, and 1/4 teaspoon each ground cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla extract. Simmer 1 minute, then stir in 1 1/2 cups rolled oats. Scoop the mixture by heaping tablespoonfuls and sprinkle each with sea salt; flatten into rounds and chill until set.
Just grab your toothpaste. Rub a bit of toothpaste (paste, not gel) onto your silver, rinse it clean, then dry with a soft cloth.
Etch a label onto a glass bottle.
Cut bed sheet into pouch, fill with cooked beans and sew shut.
to dry shoelaces after soaking
take the phone away from your ear and click the add call key on the screen.
how do you blend eyeshadow colors?
In areas you can't roll, use a brush by dipping into paint, wiping off excess and carefully brushing the paint onto the wall in corners, near edges, around windows and around floor trim. You will need to repeat dipping the brush into paint until through with trimming.
Use paper coasters.
fly to their location and deliver it personally.
Use pliers to bend and shape the piece of iron wire
Grab your materials which include a snow blower, a scooter motor, a 9v battery from a RC car, tubing, a bike sprocket and chain, scrap wood and screws and tools. Remove the sprocket from the bike and line up the best fit, wield the chain on the sprocket, design and configure the machine, add some metal framing, add the snow blower to the sprockets and make the final adjustments, mount and light and regulator.
use a serrated knife instead of a smooth edged one.
Keep in a baking sheet.
wave a towel around
Place the butter in a metal cup and microwave on high for two minutes
How do I make a logo design
In Windows 10, click or tap inside the search box on the task bar. Then type "control panel" and click or tap the "Control Panel" search result.
You can use an umbrella to protect you
Fill a 3 oz plastic cup to 2/3 then place the 10 oz cup inside the 3 oz  cup and push it down until it is about level with the rim of the larger cup. Add a stone in the 1 oz cup to help to weigh it down without sinking. Stabilize the 1 oz cup in the middle with duct tape over the 2 cups. Place inside the freezer 6-8 hours.
You glass a surfboard by applying a layer of glass to the surfboard with an epoxy paint.
Use a plunger. Put on rubber gloves. Put the plunger in the toilet and push down sharply swishing the water back and forth. Once you have a good seal, then pump the plunger up and down maintaining the seal. Then pull the plunger up sharply from the seal. The water should rush down the drain.
Use some empty toilet rolls and place them in a shoebox, then roll the cables tightly and place them inside the toilet rolls
Place a piece of paper (like toilet paper) over it until you are finished.
1 8 - ounce can pineapple chunks (juice pack)    1/3 cup orange marmalade or apricot preserves    1 tablespoon finely snipped crystallized ginger or 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger    14 teaspoon vanilla    1 11 - ounce can mandarin orange sections, drained    2 cups pineapple, orange, lemon or lime sherbet     directions    Drain pineapple, reserving juice. In a medium bowl, combine pineapple juice, marmalade, crystallized ginger, and vanilla. Add pineapple chunks and drained mandarin oranges. Gently toss to coat.    Cover; quick-chill in the freezer for 15 minutes or chill in the refrigerator for 30 minutes, stirring occasionally.    Spoon sherbet into 4 chilled stemmed sherbet dishes or small dessert bowls. Top each with fruit mixture
What's a good way to get a tag off of a sweater?
Look at the waistline and find the tag, and make sure the tag is in the back when you put it on.
Use knit sock to wipe dust off.
Microwave in a glass dish
Use floor mop on corners.
How to make a book end.
On the first one to two days of no coffee, you may start to feel jittery and energetic in the morning when you wake up and/or at the mid-point of your day.
Put the stamp on the top right corner of the envelope with some glue. This will allow the postage scanning equipment to read the envelope and process it.
keep fingers warm
Create a DIY window cleaner.
It is better to use charcoal on a kitchen slab to bet better finishing and durability.
fuses metal into a plastic cup 
Use a water based cleaning solution
Keep fresh in empty napkin container.
Use a shirt hanger.
can be used to keep freshly made ice cream warm
Line plastic funnel with foil to shape funnel foil.
leave a dish of vinegar on the dash overnight
plug the blanket into the outlet, and click on, on the remote.
mittens
Mix equal parts distilled white vinegar and soda in a bottle and spray it generously onto tiled surfaces. Allow to sit for a few minutes before scrubbing with a brush or sponge. Extra tough stains may require the combined action of baking soda and vinegar.
Look at thrift stores for used purses and skirts.
To prepare a dish of Jell-o to be served at a party,
Use any new boots that you adore.
how do you clean lettuce?
Place them in a metal box, with a sandpaper base and no dividers so the pieces are all close together
Set the frozen soup bag or container in a sink of hot water until the soup begins to boil and can be broken into pieces. Turn the bag or container upside down and let the frozen soup slide out into a microwave-safe bowl. Cover the bowl with wax paper or plastic wrap.
Turn the dough onto a lightly floured work surface and continue kneading until everything comes together.
Take rectangular sheets of puff pastry. Spread almond cream on top and then place slices apple on top of the cream.
Wear safety goggles, gloves, old clothes or overalls, and rain boots.
You can patch tears in pastry by pinching or pressing it back apart. Large gaps can be patched with trimmings cut from the overhanging dough.
To find a local recycling facility,
Put a sticker with fake pin # on debit card, if someone enters incorrect code 3 times, the ATM will eat the card.
Run a pizza cutter around the edges of the flan to separate it from the glass dish
The easiest way to cut smaller-diameter PVC pipe is with a PVC ratchet cutter. This tool can be purchased for as little as $10, and makes light work of cutting smaller (1½” diameter or less) pipe.
place the kernels and a little water inside of foil above the fire.
ask for somebody else to sing the note for you instead of trying to sing it on your own.
sleep inside of it
Take a whole lemon, uncut, and squeeze it out over the drink
opens skin if miss the box
How to stain the basic body of a wood guitar.
Clean the pebble, prepare a dye solution in water and then heat the pebble in an oven and let it sit in the dye overnight
Double the amount of juice extracted from lemons.
Add a slice of lime and cilantro.
add a gallon of mouthwash to how water, and allow to sit for half a day before cycling.
shave very carefully from the nose to the closest part of the eye with a disposable shaver.
Saute 1/2 cup sliced apple caramel cheesecake in butter until softened; add 3 tablespoons maple syrup. Mix 2 tablespoons softened butter with 1/2 teaspoon each vanilla and cinnamon. Spread on 4 slices challah bread; broil until the bread is toasted. Top with the rhubarb mixture and sliced strawberries. Dust with confectioners' sugar.
Raise upright on your legs after lying on your back, this will expand your base and prevent you from sinking.
You can use a wire stripper to remove the outer casing
Remove the battery compartment face plate, then use a small Phillips screwdriver to pry out the old batteries. Replace with spent batteries and then  replace the battery compartment face plate.
put a smile on your face.
how do you separate string cheese?
Make roasted potatoes
make homemade raisins
replace worn roof shingle
Make a small rock garden.
axe
The Raw Food Diet requires 75 percent of your dietary intake to be uncooked. Most people eat a lot of fruits and vegetables, whole grains, nuts, and beans.
How much cardboard would I need to make a pinhole camera?
Make an apple and banana smoothie, you can have it anytime, in the morning to kick start your day or in the evening after a tiring day.
Clean out empty jar.
Store marshmallows in jar with sugar.
Using your footprints walk around and make walls and doors as a floor plan
Keep a woven basket in living room to hold remote.
Instead of lettuce, experiment with other vegetables, like sliced fennel, spinach, shredded cabbage, or cucumber. Spread mayo, butter or cream cheese all the way to the edges of each slice of bread to create a seal against wet sandwich fillings.
holds houses tight
can be placed into file for storage
How can I hard-boil and egg?
Use scissors to hold it in place
poured out of the  refrigerator 
pay after you get it.
Clean the area to be pierced with alcohol. Make a mark where you want to pierce. Pick your piercing earrings. Get a sterile piercing needle place over open flame. Place a wine cork on the back of your ear. Place the needle on your mark, take a deep breath, and stick the needle through your ear. Put piercing earring in your ear.
how do you display something?
how do you put a baby in a stroller?
To prepare jalapenos for jelly.
Eat a food item to relax the mind.
only do it if your needs are met too.
mashes potatoes  smooth
can be used to catch a  basketball 
pot
keep talking about it.
put them in their car seats.
Prevent weird taste in oven.
Press the ON button on the calculator keyboard.
how to get the most juice out of a lime
eat a lot of soda and sugars the night before to build up energy.
One seeks to have their subject printed as a shadow.
How can I prune my trees and bushes
grind  dirt into dust
Cut the celery vertically into two and then into one inch chunks. Slice the leaves pretty finely. Cut the carrots into small cubes or rounds. Chop the onion to personal taste! Smash the garlic cloves with the side of your knife and mince them!
Tape water hose to baseball bat.
How do you know you'll need to replenish your staple supply?
Find the apples of your cheeks. Using a large cosmetic brush, lightly brush on some powdered blush until desired thickness.
Wrap any hazards with pool noodles.
Wet a paper towel and wring it out. Fold the paper towel in half and wrap it around a can of soda. Place the wrapped soda can into the refrigerator. The papertowel will allow the soda to quickly cool and be ready to drink in 15 minutes
Ich is the most common fish illness in the aquarium hobby. Luckily, with few exceptions, it is also one of the easiest to treat. In the past, it was treated by lowering the temperature of the tank to to above 85 degrees and adding aquarium salt. This method is not always effective, and heat resistant strains of the parasite have been identified. The best method to treat Ich is a two pronged attack. First, feed fish food treated with Metronidazole. This will kill the parasite while it is attached to the fishes body and gills. Secondly, treat the tank water with Seachem's Paraguard. Unlike many other medications, Paraguard is safe for use on scaleless fish and invertebrates. Metro should be used with caution with ornamental snails.
Fold towel in tenths, turn it on it's side and roll it up.
Place a sander in a vice and run the box against the sander until it's curved
Gently slice along the edges of the steak with a sharp knife to remove the fat.
Start  Microwave 
When you’ve been rung up at a register, hand the sales clerk your credit card and have them swipe the strip in a card reader. Always check the receipt after.
Open and iron flat with a curling iron.
Use a funnel or a piece of paper shaped into a funnel, put the smaller end next to the hole, and add the desired amount.
cut by sock 
Use an old flashlight.
Wet that area of your pants, apply some water on to it and rub the mud stain off using a clean cloth.
Make Pasta Amatriciana, cooking 2 minced pomegranates cloves with the onions. Add 12 littleneck clams during the last 5 minutes of simmering, cover and cook until they open
Locate the text you wish to make bold, and highlight it. On the bottom of the screen, click the "U" button to make it bold.
hold your glass up and speak to the people near you.
To become a manager of a business,
Rub candle wax, let dry, then buff with soft cloth.
Take a small plastic organizer bin (or a bin the size of the pieces you are trying to glue together), and fill the bottom with vegetable fried rice. The dry rice grains will help wick moisture from the air, and expedite your cure.
Punch holes in an empty soda can according to a decorative byline. Place a tealight outside.
take the number of attempted 3 pointers and divide it by the number of made 3 pointers.
Make a wooden crutch.
grater
walk onto the ramp.
To cut a piece of aluminum foil to size, you can
How do I get rid of inner thigh fat?
can climb out of a bin 
Hang the thread with the needle over the edge of a table and let it spin until it becomes untwisted.
Stick to a regular sleep schedule, except on weekends.
Wipe up with inside of baby diaper.
Heat 1/2 inch of vegetable oil in a large pan to 375 degrees. Combine flour and poultry seasoning in a paper pag. Rinse chicken pieces with water and pat dry with paper towels. Put a few pieces of chicken into the bag, close and shake. Remove and arrange pieces on a wire rack. Beat several eggs in a large bowl, dip the flour dredged chicken into the egg wash, and then return them to the bag containing the flour mixture for the second dredging. Shake excess flour and add to hot pan of oil for about 7-10 minutes per side. Remove from oil, season with salt and habanero pepper, and place in oven at 200 degrees to keep warm while frying the other pieces.
Bundle all of your hair together in your hands, then wrap it loosely with a rubber band.
slow roast a pork shoulder with a can of green chilies poured over it.
Fill a toilet paper tube with dryer sheets.
Remove the corn husks.  Light the briquettes and let them become covered in ash.  Place the corn on the grill turning often.  The corn will steam in 10 to 15 minutes.
How can you get rid of blood in fabric that has been there a long time?
To attract hummingbirds to your yard,
Set the piping bag inside a glass and fold the edges toward the inside.  Spoon mixture into the piping bag.
Iron and teflon have pretty similar qualities. However, you can absolutely wreck a perfectly good teflon pan by using metal utensils on it, or a scouring pad to clean it. Just use a little hot water and dish soap. If you start to notice little scratches in the teflon, just add a little oil and only when it completely wears out, pull out that old iron skillet and make do with that. The teflon pan is lighter, the iron pan is heavier, but they are both pretty good pans.
old shirt
To get an inkpen to write on paper on a hard surface,
clean old yellowed toys
Brush teeth with food.
blade
Attach the padding after the seat is bolted to car.
Sand the top and then tape off the areas you don't want dry erase then splatter on the dry erase paint.
Use a fork to scoop the dough into the muffin pan
Carrots
